{\rtf1\ansi\deff5
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f4\froman Symbol;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} M0NQWE}
\pard \f2\b\fs24 Autostar Update Help Index\fs20 
\par \plain\f3\fs20 
\par \f2\b How To ...
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f2\fs20 \tab \uldb Get started\plain\f2\fs20 {\v V1EJNN} 
\par \tab \uldb Connect your handbox to your PC\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Connect} \b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 \tab \uldb Convert files from the previous Autostar Update Software\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Convert} \b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 \tab \uldb Upgrade your handbox to a different revision of the software\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Upgrade} 
\par \tab \uldb Retrieve the objects stored in the handbox\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Retrieve} 
\par \tab \uldb Transfer objects to and from the handbox and library collection\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Transfer} 
\par \tab \uldb Import satellite, comet, asteroid and tour data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Import} \f3\ul 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 \tab \uldb Restore a damaged handbox using the Safe-Loader\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DCEHTR} 
\par \pard\tx355 \f3\ul \tab \plain\f3\uldb\fs20 Create and Manage Custom User Objects (Autostar II Only)\plain\f3\fs20 {\v How_To_Manage_Custom}
\par \ul 
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f2\b\fs20 Commands
\par \plain\f2\fs20 \tab \uldb File menu\plain\f2\fs20 {\v menu_File} 
\par \tab \uldb Edit menu\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 28IFRD5} \uldb 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 \tab \uldb Options menu\plain\f2\fs20 {\v FSZH3H} 
\par \tab \uldb Tools menu\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6V_3A4} 
\par \tab \uldb Help menu\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6XPTVW} 
\par \tab \uldb Main Dialog Box\plain\f2\fs20 {\v QLGW4I} 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Getting Started}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V1EJNN}
\pard\tx355 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} basic operation;getting started;transfer objects;upgrade handbox}
\b How To Get Started Using Autostar Update\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Autostar Update performs two main functions:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 1)\tab Loads new software into the Autostar Handbox
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2)\tab Transfers object menu choices such as comets, asteroids and user objects between the Autostar Handbox and the PC.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Before you can perform either of these functions, your Autostar Handbox must be properly connected to your Personal Computer.  If you have not already done so, you must purchase the optional \uldb LX200 Interface Cable\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1P5GKAV}, \uldb #505 Connector Kit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L1} or \uldb #506 Connector Kit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L2}.  Follow the instruction sheet that came with the connector kit to fully utilize the software.  The Autostar Update can be used without connecting the Autostar handbox to the PC, but you will be limited to manipulating the data on the PC only.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b Loading new software into the Autostar Handbox
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\tx355 The Autostar Update document window opens in the \uldb basic\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P} view.  If all you wish to do is update the software in your handbox to the latest revision, connect your computer to the internet, connect your Autostar Handbox to your PC, and click on the \uldb Upgrade Autostar Software Now\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3W35IB} button.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Autostar Update then automatically checks the latest version of the software found on Meade\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s Web Site (if you are connected to the internet),  also checks your local hard disk to see if a version is already stored there, and finally checks your handbox..  The versions of the software that were found then display in a dialog box, including the revision level of the software in your handbox.  Follow the prompts in the dialog boxes to complete the operation.  Note that transferring this data to your handbox takes approximately 15 - 25 minutes. \b Caution: Do not disturb the handbox during this operation.
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\tx355 \b Transferring objects between the Autostar Handbox and the Personal Computer
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\tx355 To select this function, click on the \uldb Advanced View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P} button.  The window expands to show the \uldb Autostar Commands\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _VE77J} buttons, the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} and the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.  The \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} displays a list of objects that are currently in Autostar Update\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s memory.  Use this list view to manipulate, sort and edit objects prior to transferring them to the Autostar Handbox.  The \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} displays a virtual list of objects contained in the Autostar Handbox.  Build this list by transferring desired objects from the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.  \b Hint\plain\f2\fs20 : Sort and select the objects you wish to transfer to the Autostar Handbox for your next observing session.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 To load data into the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}, \uldb Open\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_VH7W} an existing Autostar Update Data (*.AUD) File, or \uldb Import\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E98JS_} certain file types for comet, asteroid, satellite and tour data (you may find some of these files on the Meade Instruments Web Site), or the program can access the data directly from the web by using \uldb File->Get Object Data from WWW\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 16FU6YO}
\par \pard Use the \uldb Autostar Commands\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _VE77J} buttons to \uldb Connect to the Handbox\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E2R._R}, and \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} and \uldb Retrieve Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR}.  \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Connect Your Autostar Handbox To Your PC}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Connect}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} #505 Cable Kit;#506 Cable Kit;connections;LX200 Interface Cable;PC connections}
\b How To Connect Your Autostar Handbox To Your PC\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Depending on the type of Autostar Handbox and Telescope, you will need to use one of three different optional Cable Connector Sets.  Contact your local dealer or Meade Instruments Corporation Customer Service for information about purchasing one.
\par 
\par \uldb #505 Connector Cable Kit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L1} \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  for use with
\par \pard\tx355 \tab 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \b\ul Handbox\cell\pard \pard\intbl Telescope\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 #495 Autostar\cell\pard \pard\intbl All DS Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl All DS-2000 Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl ETX-60 / 70\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl #497 (ETX) Autostar\cell\pard \pard\intbl All DS Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl All DS-2000 Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl All ETX Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl LX-90\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \uldb #506 Connector Cable Kit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L2} \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  for use with
\par \f3 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \f2\b\ul Handbox\cell\pard \pard\intbl Telescope\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 #494 Autostar\cell\pard \pard\intbl All DS Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl All DS-2000 Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl ETX-60 / 70\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \f3 
\par \uldb \f2 P/N 07047 LX200 Interface Cable\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1P5GKAV} \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  for use with
\par \f3 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \f2\b\ul Handbox\cell\pard \pard\intbl Telescope\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Autostar II\cell\pard \pard\intbl All LX200 GPS Models\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft714 \cellx3765\cellx7485\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \f3 \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Create Custom User Catalogs}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Create_Custom}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} creating custom catalogs;custom catalogs;custom user objects}
\f2\b How To Create Custom User Catalogs (Autostar II Only)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li355 
\par \pard \b To Manipulate Custom User Objects, Revision 1.3o or higher of the Autostar II Software is required.
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Before creating a Custom User Catalog, consider carefully the data that will be stored in that object.  Each catalog can have 6 user-defined fields of 15 characters total, including the field name and data.  For example, a field labeled "FIELDNAME" may have the data "123456" contained within it.  The data is stored and displayed as pure character data, so decimal points are counted as a character, and any combination of letters and numbers and other characters may be used.  For example, the above field may contain "123.4%".  Of course, there is no minimum requirement except that the label is at least one character, so FieldName: "1" with data "" is acceptable.  There are 3 characters that are not allowed in either field names or data.  These are \plain\f0\fs20 \'91\f2 :\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 , \plain\f0\fs20 \'91\f2 #\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 , and \plain\f0\fs20 \'91\f2 ,\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 .
\par \pard 
\par Custom User Catalogs may only be created from within the Autostar Update software.  To do so, select an empty Custom User Object by right-clicking on the User Object type button in either list view.  Empty catalogs are given a default name of "UndefinedX", where "X" is a sequential number between 1 and 20.  Within the list view window, right-click to display the list view context menu.  Select "new" from this menu to display the "Define New User Catalog" Dialog Box.
\par 
\par Within the dialog box, enter a name for this Catalog, and define up to 6 new fields by typing each field\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s name in "Field Name:".  As the name is typed, the number of characters available for data is displayed.  The longer the field name, the shorter the data must be.  Click "Add" to add each new field.  When the catalog has been defined, click "OK" to proceed.
\par \pard 
\par The "Autostar Update Object Editor" Dialog Box will now be displayed so object data may be entered.  Note that there must be at least one object in a catalog, or its definition will be lost.  To delete a custom catalog, simply delete all objects within that catalog.
\par 
\par For information on managing \uldb Custom User Objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1NH3I3X} including transferring between list views and the handbox, see \uldb Managing Custom User Objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Manage_Custom}.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Manage Custom User Catalogs}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Manage_Custom}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} custom catalogs;custom user objects;managing custom catalogs}
\b How To Manage Custom User Catalogs (Autostar II Only)
\par 
\par To Manipulate Custom User Objects, Revision 1.3o or higher of the Autostar II Software is required.
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par To transfer \uldb Custom User Objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1NH3I3X} from the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} or vice-versa, use the \uldb Transfer Buttons\plain\f2\fs20 {\v Transfer_Buttons} on the main dialog box in much the same way as they would be used with normal \uldb User Objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v GTB.GI}.  However, due to potential variations between the source and destination catalog definitions, the following rules apply:
\par \pard\li355 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 Even though catalogs may be given original names, they still maintain their numerical identities.  For example, a catalog that had a default name of "Undefined13" before being defined will be treated as the 13th Custom Catalog.  Thus, when either User Object type button is clicked, the 13th Custom Catalog will be displayed in both list views even if it is not defined identically in both list views.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 If the source and destination list views have identical definitions of the catalog displayed, the "Transfer Selected" and "Transfer Refresh" buttons will work normally.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 If the source list view catalog has been defined but the corresponding destination catalog is empty, the "Transfer Selected" buttons will create the catalog definition in the destination list before copying the objects, whereas the "Transfer Refresh" buttons will have no effect.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 If the source list view catalog has a different definition than the destination catalog, neither the "Transfer Selected" and "Transfer Refresh" buttons will function.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 Regardless of the definitions of the destination list view catalogs, the "Transfer All" buttons will first erase all destination objects, then copy the source objects.  Note that selecting "User Objects" in the "Confirm Object Replace" dialog will transfer ALL 20 Custom User Catalogs plus the normal User Objects.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 The above rules apply to \uldb Real Time Mode\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MP7GY1} as well.
\par \pard\li715\tx355 
\par \pard\li355\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Convert Your Files From The Previous Version Of Autostar Update}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Convert}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} convert data;previous Autostar Update}
\b How To Convert Your Files From The Previous Version Of Autostar Update\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li355 
\par \pard The object data in previous versions of Autostar Update were stored as separate files; one for each body type. In order to use this data it must be imported into the new library. As each file is imported it will be added to the current library. To Import follow these steps
\par \pard\li355 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 1.\tab From the menu select File->Import
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab Pull down <Files of type> and select <ROM files>
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Select the directory that the old files were stored in by pulling down <Look in> and selecting <Local Disk (C:)> then double click on each of these directories in this order: Program Files->Meade->Autostar->Autostar Update->Ephemerides. This is the standard install directory. If you installed in a different directory then select the Ephemerides directory under your install directory.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 4.\tab Select the file LibAsteroids.ROM this is obviously the asteroids data.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 5.\tab Pull down Object Type and select Asteroid.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 6.\tab Click Import. The data will be added to your library.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 7.\tab Repeat steps 1 \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  6 for each of the other Object Types.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 8.\tab Save the library by selecting File->Save, or File->Save As and select a name and location that you will remember. I suggest My Documents for the location type Library as the name.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 9.\tab Remove the old program by going to Control Panel and selecting Add Remove Programs and then select Autostar Update and click Remove. Do not remove ASU which is this program.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Upgrade Your Handbox To A Different Revision Of The Software}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Upgrade}
\pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} download & upgrade;handbox upgrade;upgrade handbox}
\b How To Upgrade Your Handbox To A Different Revision Of The Software\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par This procedure only works for the #495 Autostar, #497 Autostar and Autostar II. There is currently no means for upgrading the software in a #494 Autostar Handbox. 
\par 
\par To upgrade the handbox software: 
\par 
\par 1.\tab Make sure the Handbox is properly connected to your personal computer.  A \uldb P/N 07047 LX200 Interface Cable\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1P5GKAV} or \uldb #505\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L1} Connector Kit is required to connect your Autostar Handbox to the Serial Port on your computer.  Follow the instruction sheet that came with the connector kit.  If you do not connect Autostar to the PC, you may still use the Autostar Update to download the latest handbox software from the Internet and save it to your local hard disk.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab If you wish to download the latest revision of Autostar, you must establish a connection to the Internet using the protocol that you would normally use (dial-up connection, DSL, Cable Modem, etc.).  If you already have an upgrade file on your local hard disk, make it sure it is in the Ephemerides subdirectory of the installation directory and proceed.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Click on the \uldb Upgrade Autostar Software Now\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3W35IB} button.  
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Autostar Update automates the rest of the process, including downloading the upgrade software and transferring the data to your handbox.  You will be given several prompts, depending on the choices available to you.  If the handbox is connected, you will have the option of downloading from multiple versions of the upgrade software found on your hard drive.  If the handbox is not connected, you may still download the latest version from the internet to store on your hard drive and upgrade at a later time, but you must first specify which type of Autostar you wish to upgrade.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b WARNING!\plain\f2\fs20  While the Autostar Software is being transferred to the handbox, \b DO NOT TURN OFF THE HANDBOX OR CLOSE THE APPLICATION\plain\f2\fs20 !  Doing so will corrupt the programming of the handbox and render it inoperable.  If you should encounter any problems that render the handbox inoperable (\i i.e.,\plain\f2\fs20  it fails to display the normal welcome screen when power is applied), you \b must\plain\f2\fs20  use the \uldb safe-loader\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DCEHTR} to restore the handbox.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Note: The "Erase User Banks" check box is available for the Autostar II only.  This option will erase all user information, including site information, owner information, user objects, telescope calibrations, etc.  Do not use this option unless you are having severe problems uploading your handbox.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Retrieve The Objects Stored In The Handbox}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Retrieve}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} handbox;retrieve}
\b How To Retrieve The Objects Stored In The Handbox\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par When you first launch Autostar Update, the right List View Window, representing the handbox data, will be empty.  This window is a temporary storage place for building and organizing your handbox data list.  \b Note\plain\f2\fs20 : Once you click on the \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} button, the contents of this window OVERWRITES the current objects contained in your handbox.  Therefore, you may wish to retrieve the handbox data first, and then add to, edit, re-arrange and/or save that data before overwriting it.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355 
\par To retrieve the \uldb asteroids\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2GF40ID}, \uldb comets\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2PSED_}, \uldb satellites\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2EGT7BW}, \uldb landmarks\plain\f2\fs20 {\v SDJ2GI}, \uldb user objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v GTB.GI} and \uldb tours\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2FQMBZO} that are currently stored in the handbox:
\par 1.\tab Connect the Handbox to the PC using the appropriate cable kit.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab Turn the telescope power on.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Click on the \uldb Retrieve Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR} button in the \uldb Autostar Commands\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _VE77J} button group located in the upper right of the \uldb Advanced View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P} window.  It may take several minutes to retrieve the data, depending on how much data is in the handbox.  Once the data is retrieved, it is automatically saved to a backup file, so you can undo any changes you make before clicking on the \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} button by choosing the File Menu Item \uldb Restore Data\'85\plain\f2\fs20 {\v RZP8VE}.   
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Transfer Objects To And From The Handbox And Library Collection}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Transfer}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copy objects;handbox collection;library collection;transfer objects}
\b How To Transfer Objects To And From The Handbox And Library Collection\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par To select this function, you must be in \uldb Advanced View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P} mode.  The Advanced View window displays the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} on the left and the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} on the right.  
\par 
\par The \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} contains the master list of objects \uldb Loaded\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_VH7W} or \uldb Imported\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E98JS_} from your local hard disk.  The \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} contains the data that will be \uldb Sent\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} to the Autostar Handbox, or that have just been \uldb Retrieved\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR} from the Autostar Handbox.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 
\par To transfer objects from one List View to the other:
\par 1.\tab Select the appropriate object type by pressing one of the 6 buttons (Asteroids, Satellites, Comets, etc.) at the top of either list.  Pressing one button from either list changes the displayed object type in BOTH lists.  \b Note:\plain\f2\fs20  All data types are stored in the Autostar Update program at all times, but the list view only displays one object type at a time.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab Select the objects from one list view that you wish to copy to the other list view.  You may select one at a time by clicking on an object with the mouse, or you may select multiple objects by holding down the shift key or CTRL key.  You may only select objects of the same type, however.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Either drag the selected items from one list view to the other by holding down the mouse button and releasing it when the objects are over the destination list view, OR click on the \uldb Copy Objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 8ZB83C}Button (labeled with a "->" or "<-" arrow).
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b Note\plain\f2\fs20 : Any objects copied to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} are not yet in the handbox.  You may sort the list by clicking on the desired column heading, edit objects, delete objects, or create new objects.  
\par \pard\tx355 When the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} contains all the objects you wish to transfer to the handbox:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 1.\tab Connect the Handbox to the PC using the appropriate cable kit.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab Turn the telescope power on.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Click on the \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} button in the \uldb Autostar Commands\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _VE77J} button group located in the upper right of the window.  It may take several minutes to send the data, depending on how much data is being transferred.  Once the data is sent, it is automatically saved to a backup file, so you can undo any changes you by choosing the File Menu Item \uldb Restore Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v RZP8VE}.   
\par \pard\tx355 \b Caution: \plain\f2\fs20 Sending data to the handbox erases all the objects already in the handbox, so if you do not wish to permanently lose this data, \uldb Retrieve\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Retrieve} it first, \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M3LROP} it to the hard disk, and then proceed as above.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Import Satellite, Comet, Asteroid And Tour Data}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} How_To_Import}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} asteroids;comets;import objects;internet data;satellites;tours}
\b How To Import Satellite, Comet, Asteroid And Tour Data\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Objects such as Satellites, Comets, Asteroids and Tours may be loaded into the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} from sources other than standard Autostar Update Data (*.aud) files.  You may find these additional data from many sources on the World Wide Web, including Meade Instruments Corporation\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s Web Site.  The following are file types that can be imported into the Autostar Update:
\par 
\par \pard\fi715\tx355 *.txt\tab Any object may be imported as a Text file.
\par *.tle\tab Satellite data may be imported as a TLE file
\par *.rom\tab Any object may be imported as a ROM file
\par *.mtf\tab Tour data may be imported as an MTF file
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 To import any of the above files, choose the \uldb Import\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E98JS_} command from the File Menu, or drag the file from your Windows desktop to the destination list view in the program.  Note: If \uldb Real Time Mode\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MP7GY1} is activated, the drop destination is limited to the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Two options are available during an import operation:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 1)\tab Delete all existing objects first \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  when checked, this option will delete all objects of the selected type from the destination list view first.  Only the newly-imported objects will remain after this operation.  If this option is not checked, new objects will be added to the existing list, but will not overwrite any objects of the same name.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2)\tab Only import objects that already exist \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  when checked, this option will compare each imported object to each object in the destination list view.  If a match is found (based on the name), the object will be imported and overwrite the existing object.  If not match is found, the object will not be imported.  This is a useful option for updating the data in existing objects without adding or deleting any objects.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How To Use The Safe-Loader To Restore A Damaged Handbox}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DCEHTR}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} damaged handbox;fix handbox;handbox;handbox damage;repair handbox;restore handbox;safe-load}
\b How To Use The Safe-Loader To Restore A Damaged Handbox\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par If you encounter any problems while upgrading the software in your handbox, the flash memory in your handbox or telescope may become damaged, rendering the system non-functional (\i e.g.,\plain\f2\fs20  the handbox does not display anything when powered on, displays garbage characters, etc.).  This typically occurs if an upgrade command is interrupted in any way before completion.  
\par 
\par Fortunately there is an easy way to restore the damaged flash memory:  Connect the handbox to the telescope and the PC with the telescope power off.  
\par \pard 
\par For a #495 or #497 Autostar, simultaneously hold down the "ENTER" and the Scroll Down key, (\b Hint:\plain\f2\fs20  Do not confuse with the Down Arrow key) and turn the telescope power on while holding these keys.  The handbox displays "FLASH LOAD \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  READY" to indicate that you may now transfer data to and from the handbox.
\par 
\par For an Autostar II, press the "9" button three times immediately AFTER applying power to the handbox.  The handbox displays "Downloading\'85 DO NOT POWER OFF" to indicate that you may now transfer data to and from the handbox.  NOTE THAT THE AUTOSTAR II DEFAULTS TO 9600 BAUD IN SAFE MODE.  This is the best transmission speed to ensure reliable data transfer.  However, if you wish to increase the speed, click the \uldb Connect\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E2R._R} button first, then Options->\uldb  Max Baud Rate\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 9W00H7}.
\par \pard 
\par Click on the \uldb Upgrade Autostar Software Now\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3W35IB} button to transfer the latest software to the handbox and repair the damage.  Note: The "Erase User Banks" check box is available for the Autostar II only.  This option will erase all user information, including site information, owner information, user objects, telescope calibrations, etc.  Do not use this option unless you are having severe problems uploading your handbox.
\par 
\par 
\par All other Autostar Update functions work normally in this mode (\i e.g., \plain\f2\fs20 you can save user downloads, etc.).
\par \pard 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File menu commands}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} menu_File}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b File menu commands\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par The File menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb New\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 16FTXGO}\cell\pard \pard\intbl Creates a new document.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Open\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_VH7W}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Opens an existing document.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_Z9HN}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Saves an opened library document using the same file name.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Save As\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 11T4QYC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Saves an opened library document to a specified file name.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Save Hbx Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M3LROP}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Saves the data from the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} to a specified file name.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Load Hbx Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4_BP.GX}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Loads an existing \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} document.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Restore Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v RZP8VE}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Restores data to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} that was automatically backed up after the last \uldb Send\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} or \uldb Retrieve\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR} command was completed.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Import\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E98JS_}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Imports data from a file other than an Autostar Update Data (*.aud) file.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb Get Object Data from WWW\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 16FU6YO}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Retrieves Object data from the web and puts it into the library.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl \uldb 1,2,3,4\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EB.DI_}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Opens one of the 4 most recent library documents.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1795\cellx8615\pard\intbl\tx355 \uldb Exit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v D73XB6}\tab 
\par\intbl \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\tx355 \plain\f2\fs20 Exits Autostar Update.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Edit Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 28IFRD5}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} edit menu}
\b Edit menu commands\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par The Edit menu offers the following commands:
\par \pard\li715\fi-715 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx10205\pard\intbl \uldb Edit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ROSZNY}\cell\pard \pard\intbl Edit the data of the selected object(s).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx10205\pard\intbl \uldb Delete\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ANWY6K}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Delete the selected object(s).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx10205\pard\intbl \uldb New\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2MK979V}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Create a new object.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx10205\pard\intbl \uldb Clear Library\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 41V084M}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Clear the entire contents of the Library List View.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx10205\pard\intbl \uldb Clear Handbox\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2MCM4UC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Clear the entire contents of the Handbox List View.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\li715\fi-715 
\par \pard\tx355 \tab \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FSZH3H}
\pard\tx355 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} options;options menu}
\b Options menu commands\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par The Options menu offers the following commands, which enable you to choose the default functions of the program:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Startup Connect->Connect Only\plain\f2\fs20 {\v QE1J3S}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Toggles option to automatically connect to the handbox the next time the program is launched.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Startup Connect->Connect & Retrieve\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1B9VH54}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Toggles option to automatically connect to the handbox and retrieve data the next time the program is launched.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Advanced Startup\plain\f2\fs20 {\v G113HC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Toggles option to start the program in \uldb advanced\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P} mode.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Verify Downloads\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MGALRZ}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Toggles option to verify all data sent to the handbox.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Load Recent\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 04EIW5}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Toggles option to load the most recently used library document the next time the program is launched\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Set Com Port\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 87B0L1}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Select the computer com port connected to the autostar.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Set Background->Choose Image\'85\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M6S0_H}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Selects a user-supplied image file to use as the background of the application.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Set Background->Reset Image\'85\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M6S0_H}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Restores the background to the original image that came with Autostar Update.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Max Baud Rate\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 9W00H7}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Specifies the maximum baud rate to use for serial communications with the handbox (Autostar II Only)\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6V_3A4}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} tools;tools menu}
\b Tools menu commands\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par The Tools menu offers the following commands, which enable you to activate utility functions:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Restart Handbox\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 20VU4NP}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Forces the handbox to restart.  \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Edit User Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v RJR9GN}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Displays dialog to maintain Personal Information, Periodic Error Correction (Autostar II) and Site Information\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx7745\pard\intbl \uldb Garbage Collect Hbx\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 15HS250}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Forces the handbox to delete any unused data thereby freeing up some memory (Autostar II Only)\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6XPTVW}
\pard \b Help menu commands\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1075\cellx7255\pard\intbl \uldb Help Topics\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 0M.IC7}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 \plain\f2\fs20 Offers the index of topics accessible in the Help menu.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1075\cellx7255\pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl \uldb About\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 15XJTYB}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 \plain\f2\fs20 Displays the version number of this application.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Main Dialog Box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} QLGW4I}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} controls;main dialog box}
\b Main Dialog Box Buttons
\par 
\par \pard\qc \plain\f2\fs20 \{bmc bm0.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The Main Dialog Box offers the following buttons and features:
\par \pard\li715\fi-715 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb Upgrade Autostar Software Now\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3W35IB}\cell\pard \pard\intbl Upgrades the handbox software.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb Advanced Functions\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Toggles between "Basic" and "Advanced" view.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb Autostar Commands\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _VE77J}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Commands for communicating with the handbox.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb Transfer Buttons\plain\f2\fs20 {\v Transfer_Buttons}\cell\pard \pard\intbl Copies objects from one list view to the other.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 The list of objects contained in the handbox list.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 The list of objects contained in the library list.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb Status Bar\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3397_GS}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 Status and information.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl \uldb List View Status\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5DRCS.}\cell\pard \pard\intbl Status information about the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} and the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3415\cellx8905\pard\intbl\tx355 \uldb Exit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v D73XB6}\tab 
\par\intbl \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\tx355 \plain\f2\fs20 Exits Autostar Update.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\li715\fi-715\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Transfer Buttons}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Transfer_Buttons}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copy all;copy objects;handbox collection;library collection;refresh objects;transfer objects}
\b Transfer Buttons\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par To transfer or copy objects from one List View to the other, use one of the three pairs of transfer buttons:
\par 
\par \b Selected\plain\f2\fs20 
\par Only the selected object type indicated by the depressed object button above either list view is affected by these commands.
\par \uldb ->\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 8ZB3WY}  copies only the objects that have been selected (highlighted) in the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.  
\par \uldb <-\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 8ZB83C} copies only the objects that have been selected (highlighted) in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} to the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.  
\par \pard 
\par \b All
\par \plain\f2\fs20 All object types, whether visible or not, are affected by these commands.
\par \uldb >>\plain\f2\fs20 {\v T_4EW0} presents a dialog box to select the object type to copy from the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.
\par \uldb <<\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 0.6I4K} copies every object in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} to the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.
\par 
\par \b Refresh
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Only the selected object type indicated by the depressed object button above either list view is affected by these commands.  Use these commands to update your ephemerid data for objects that already exist in your handbox.
\par \pard \uldb >\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1440NV4} only copies objects that already exist in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} from the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.
\par \uldb <\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 11G4V_0} only copies objects that already exist in the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} from the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File New command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16FTXGO}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b New command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to create a new \uldb Library\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} document and overwrite the current contents of the Library List View.  
\par   
\par You can open an existing document with the \uldb Open command\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_VH7W}.
\par 
\par \b Shortcuts
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+N
\par \pard\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Open command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J_VH7W}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b Open command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to open an existing \uldb Library\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} document and overwrite the current contents of the Library List View.  
\par 
\par You can create new documents with the \uldb New command\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 16FTXGO}.
\par 
\par NOTE: *.AUD files saved from version 3.40 or higher cannot be opened in earlier versions if they contain User Objects.  However, versions higher than 3.40 can open files saved from any version.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Shortcuts
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+O
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3CEEVW5}
\pard \b File Open dialog box
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The following options allow you to specify which file to open:
\par \pard\sb55 \b File Name
\par \pard\li355 \plain\f2\fs20 Type or select the file name you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. 
\par \pard\sb55 \b Drives
\par \pard\li355 \plain\f2\fs20 Select the drive in which Autostar Update stores the file that you want to open. 
\par \pard\sb55 \b Directories
\par \pard\li355 \plain\f2\fs20 Select the directory in which Autostar Update stores the file that you want to open.
\par 
\par \pard This command only applies to Autostar Updata Data (*.AUD) files.  To load data from another file type, such as *.ROM or *.TLE, use the \uldb Import\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E98JS_} command.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Save command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J_Z9HN}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b Save command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to save the \uldb Library\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} document to its current name and directory.  When you save a document for the first time, Autostar Update displays the \uldb Save As dialog box\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2B8JI2} so you can name your document.  If you want to change the name and directory of an existing document before you save it, choose the \uldb Save As command\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 11T4QYC}.
\par 
\par \b Shortcuts
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+S
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 
\par \pard\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Save As command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11T4QYC}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b Save As command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to save and name the \uldb Library\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} document.  Autostar Update displays the \uldb Save As dialog box\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2B8JI2} so you can name your document.  
\par 
\par To save a document with its existing name and directory, use the \uldb Save command\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_Z9HN}.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2B8JI2}
\pard \b File Save As dialog box
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The following options allow you to specify the name and location of the file you're about to save:
\par \pard\sb55 \b File Name
\par \pard\li355 \plain\f2\fs20 Type a new filename to save a document with a different name.  Autostar Update adds the extension you specify in the Save File As Type box.
\par \pard\sb55 \b Drives
\par \pard\li355 \plain\f2\fs20 Select the drive in which you want to store the document.
\par \pard\sb55 \b Directories
\par \pard\li355 \plain\f2\fs20 Select the directory in which you want to store the document.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Import Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E98JS_}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing;import objects}
\b Import Command (File Menu)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par To import data from a variety of file types into your \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}, choose the Import command from the File Menu.  A file selection dialog box opens and allows you to select the file you wish to import.  The following file types are available:
\par 
\par \pard\fi715\tx355 *.txt\tab You MUST specify the type of object to import
\par *.tle\tab Only Satellite data (no object selection necessary)
\par *.rom\tab You MUST specify the type of object to import
\par *.mtf\tab Only Tour data (no object selection necessary)
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 If you are importing a *.txt or *.rom file, you must select the appropriate object type from the list box.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Two options are available during an import operation:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 1)\tab Delete all existing objects first \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  when checked, this option will delete all objects of the selected type from the destination list view first.  Only the newly-imported objects will remain after this operation.  If this option is not checked, new objects will be added to the existing list, but will not overwrite any objects of the same name.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2)\tab Only import objects that already exist \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  when checked, this option will compare each imported object to each object in the destination list view.  If a match is found (based on the name), the object will be imported and overwrite the existing object.  If not match is found, the object will not be imported.  This is a useful option for updating the data in existing objects without adding or deleting any objects.
\par \pard\fi715\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 After you have selected the file name, object type (if applicable) and the options, click on the IMPORT button to complete the operation.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 An alternative way of importing data is to drag the file\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s icon from your Windows desktop to the destination list view.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File 1, 2, 3, 4 command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EB.DI_}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b 1, 2, 3, 4 command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use the numbers and filenames listed at the bottom of the File menu to open the last four documents you closed.  Choose the number that corresponds with the document you want to open.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Exit command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} D73XB6}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} exit}
\b Exit command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to end your Autostar Update session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu.  Autostar Update prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.
\par \f1 
\par \f2\b Shortcuts
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.
\par \tab \{bmc bm1.BMP\}
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F4
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Get object data from internet}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16FU6YO}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} download;Ephemerides;www}
\b Get object data from WWW (File Menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to retrieve object data from the internet and have it added directly to the library. The object data comes from various sources on the web.  The files available for download are determined dynamically when you run the Autostar Update, so you may notice different choices on different days.  All of the following sites update their data regularly, so you may find it best to refresh your ephemerides data just before an observing session.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 
\par \f4 \'b7\tab \uldb \f2 Asteroids\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2GF40ID}\tab \ul\cf1 http://cfa-www.harvard.edu/iau/Ephemerides\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \uldb \f2 Comets\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2PSED_}\tab \tab \ul\cf1 http://cfa-www.harvard.edu/iau/Ephemerides/Comets/\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \uldb \f2 Satellites\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2EGT7BW}\tab \ul\cf1 http://celestrak.com/NORAD/elements/\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \uldb \f2 Tours\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2FQMBZO}\tab \tab \ul\cf1 http://www.meade.com/support/auto/AutostarTourFiles/\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 You can select individual body types to download or all the body types. If you select all body types more than 2000 objects will be added to your library.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Before starting this operation you should be connected to the Internet. If you have AOL, login to AOL and then come back to the update program.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 A dialog box will be displayed allowing you to select which objects you wish to download.  To select all objects of a given type, check the checkbox next to the category type, such as Comets or Satellites.  To download individual items only, click the + next to a category to have a list of available download files generated dynamically by querying the applicable web servers.  After selecting the objects to download, you have the following additional options to choose from:
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2\b Delete all existing objects first
\par \pard\li715\tx715 \plain\f2\fs20 This will delete all the object data of the specified body type before adding new data
\par \pard\li715\tx715 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2\b Only import objects that already exist\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li715\tx715 This will effectively update the body data in your library by not adding new objects but only replacing the ones that match the names in your library.
\par \pard\li715\tx715 
\par \pard\tx715 After pressing OK look to the lower left corner status bar. There will be an indication of the progress of the download. When the operation is complete the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} will be updated with the new data.
\par \pard\tx715 \f1 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Save Handbox Data Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} M3LROP}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing;handbox data}
\f2\b Save Handbox Data command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to save the data currently in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 list_handbox to a user-specified file on the local hard disk.
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Load Handbox Data Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4_BP.GX}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing;handbox data}
\b Load Handbox Data command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to load a collection of objects into the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}from a file that you previously saved to disk with the \uldb Save Handbox Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M3LROP} command.
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Restore Data Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RZP8VE}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} backup;files: managing;handbox data}
\b Restore Data command (File menu)\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Every time you \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} to the hand box a backup of what was sent is saved to the hard disk. Every time you \uldb Retrieve Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR} from the Autostar Handbox, a backup file of  what was received is saved to the hard disk.  
\par 
\par To restore this list and erase any changes you have made since the backup file was created, choose "Restore Data" from the "File" menu. This feature can be used to restore the last handbox data instead of retrieving it from the handbox.
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Status Bar}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3397_GS}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} status bar}
\b Status Bar
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm2.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the Autostar Update window.  
\par 
\par The left area of the status bar describes actions of menu items as you use the arrow keys to navigate through menus.  This area also shows messages that describe the progress and/or success of actions of buttons or menu commands.  
\par 
\par The right areas of the status bar indicate the following information in the \uldb advanced\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P} view:
\par 
\par \pard\tx1435 \b Indicator\tab Description\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\sa115\li1435\fi-1435\tx1435 Model\tab The model # of the handbox currently connected, or "Unknown" if no handbox is connected.
\par Ver.\tab The version of the Autostar software found in the handbox if connected, or "Unknown" if no handbox is connected.
\par 
\par \pard\sa115\tx1435 Additional status information can be found in the \uldb List View Status Bar\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5DRCS.} located at the bottom of either the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} or the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} list view status bar}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5DRCS.}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} available memory;count;list view status bar;memory;object count;status bar}
\b List View Status Bar\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \i\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 At the bottom of the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} and the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} is a status bar providing important information about each of those list views.
\par 
\par \pard\tx1435 \b Indicator\tab Description\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\sa115\li1435\fi-1435\tx1435 Object Count\tab The number of objects of the selected object type and the number of objects in the entire list.
\par Memory\tab The \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} status bar displays the total memory required for the library object collection.  The \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} status bar displays the remaining memory in the handbox for additional objects. 
\par \pard\sa115\tx1435 It is important not to exceed the memory capacity of the handbox when building an object collection in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.  The available memory reported in the status bar is calculated by subtracting the sum of the memory required for all the objects in the collection from the total memory available in the handbox (which differs depending on the Autostar Model Number).  If you attempt to transfer more objects than the memory of the handbox can hold, the status bar displays a negative number in red, and prevents you from issuing the \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} command.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0M.IC7}
\pard \b Help Topics command (Help menu)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Use this command to display the opening Help screen.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instructions for using Autostar Update and various types of reference information.  
\par 
\par Click on the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15XJTYB}
\pard \b About command (Help menu)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of Autostar Update.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _L7JHB}
\pard \b Move command (Control menu)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can click and drag the active window or dialog box with the arrow keys.
\par \{bmc bm3.BMP\}
\par 
\par \b Note:  \plain\f2\fs20 This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.
\par 
\par \b Shortcut
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+F7
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} System Minimize Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JDT6VO}
\pard\tx1435 \b Minimize command (application Control menu)
\par \pard\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\tx1435 Use this command to reduce the Autostar Update window to an icon.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx1435 \f1\b 
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx1435 \f2 Shortcut\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 Mouse:\tab Click the minimize icon \{bmc bm4.BMP\} on the title bar.
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F9
\par \pard\li1075\fi-355\tx1435 \f1 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2JYJV2}
\pard \f2\b Close command (Control menus)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Use this command to close the active window or dialog box.
\par 
\par Double-clicking a Control-menu box performs the same operation as choosing the Close command.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Shortcuts
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Keys: \tab ALT+F4 closes the Autostar Update window 
\par \pard\tx355 \tab \tab \tab \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 36E.JG}
\pard\tx355 \b Restore command (Control menu)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Use this command to return the active window to its size and position set before you chose the Minimize command.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} VFKODN}
\pard\tx355 \b Switch to command (application Control menu)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Use this command to display a list of all open applications.  Choose an application on the "Task List" to switch to or close.
\par 
\par \b Shortcut
\par \pard\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Keys:\tab CTRL+ESC
\par \pard\tx1435 
\par \pard\tx1435 \b Dialog Box Options
\par \pard\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 When you choose the Switch To command, you will be presented with a dialog box with the following options:
\par \pard\sb55\tx1435 \b Task List
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Select the application you want to switch to or close.
\par \pard\sb55\tx1435 \b Switch To
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Makes the selected application active.
\par \pard\sb55\tx1435 \b End Task
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Closes the selected application.
\par \pard\sb55\tx1435 \b Cancel
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Closes the Task List box.
\par \pard\sb55\tx1435 \b Cascade
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Arranges open applications so they overlap, leaving each title bar visible.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par \pard\sb55\tx1435 \b Tile
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Arranges open applications into windows that do not overlap.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par \pard\sb55\tx1435 \b Arrange Icons
\par \pard\li355\tx1435 \plain\f2\fs20 Arranges the icons of all minimized applications across the bottom of the screen.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Edit Objects Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ROSZNY}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} edit}
\b Edit Object(s) (Edit menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Displays a new dialog box containing all the data for the selected object(s).  You may only select objects from one list view at a time.  To edit the data, select the field you wish to modify and type the new data in the edit box.  To abort the change and restore the original values, click on Cancel.
\par 
\par \b Note\plain\f2\fs20 : The data for many of the fields is limit-checked to ensure the integrity of the data. For example, the declination of a User Object is by definition an angle between \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2 90 and +90 degrees, so a value of 150 will be rejected.  Be careful when entering or modifying data.
\par \pard 
\par Right-mouse-clicking a selected object(s) from either list view may also access this command.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Delete Objects Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ANWY6K}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} delete}
\b Delete Object(s) (Edit menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Deletes the selected object(s) from one of the list views.  \b Note:\plain\f2\fs20  This command will not immediately delete data from the library file stored on the hard drive \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  you must \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_Z9HN} the file to overwrite that data.  It will also not immediately delete data from the handbox until you \uldb Send \plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} the modified handbox list to the handbox to overwrite that data.
\par 
\par Right-mouse-clicking a selected object(s) from either list view may also access this command.\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Edit New Object Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MK979V}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} create object;new}
\b New Object (Edit menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Creates a new object in the last selected list view.  Depending on the type of object active in the list view, a dialog box displays showing the appropriate blank fields.  Enter the data for all the fields, being careful to enter values within the ranges of the field.  Values that are outside the allowable ranges or left blank are assigned default values.
\par 
\par Right-mouse-clicking a selected object(s) from either list view may also access this command.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Edit Clear Library Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 41V084M}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} clear}
\b Clear Library (Edit menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Clears the entire contents of the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} from memory.  The library file on disk will not be affected unless it is overwritten by the \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_Z9HN} command.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Edit Clear Handbox Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MCM4UC}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} clear}
\b Clear Handbox (Edit menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Clears the entire contents of the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} from memory.  The object data in the handbox will not be modified until the \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} command is sent.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Startup Connect Only Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} QE1J3S}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} options;startup}
\b Startup Connect->Connect Only(Options menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this option is toggled on, the program automatically attempts a connection to the Autostar Handbox every time the program is launched.  In order to successfully connect to the handbox, the handbox must be connected to the PC with a \uldb P/N 07047 LX200 Interface Cable\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1P5GKAV}, \uldb #505\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L1} or \uldb #506\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L2} Connector Kit and powered on.
\par 
\par Turning this option on automatically displays the status of available memory and the number of objects stored in the handbox, but it may slow program performance.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Startup Connect & Retrieve Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1B9VH54}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} options;startup}
\b Startup Connect->Connect & Retrieve (Options menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this option is toggled on, the program automatically attempts to connect to the Autostar Handbox and retrieve data every time the program is launched.  In order to successfully connect to the handbox, the handbox must be connected to the PC with a \uldb P/N 07047 LX200 Interface Cable\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1P5GKAV}, \uldb #505\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L1} or \uldb #506\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L2} Connector Set and powered on.
\par 
\par Turning this option on automatically displays the contents of the handbox, but it may slow program performance.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Advanced Startup Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} G113HC}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} options;startup}
\b Advanced Startup (Options menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this option is toggled on, the program opens in the \uldb advanced\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1WV_Z6P} view every time it is launched.  Turn this option on if you plan to use the advanced features of manipulating and transferring objects to and from the Handbox.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Verify Download Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MGALRZ}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} options;verify}
\b Verify Downloads (Options menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this option is toggled on, the data sent to the handbox is verified after transfer.  Every time the \uldb Upgrade Autostar Software Now\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3W35IB} button or the \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} button is clicked, a full scan of the handbox memory isperformed to compare it against the original data and ensure that the data was correctly transferred.
\par 
\par \b Note\plain\f2\fs20 : This option DOUBLES the amount of time it takes to send data to the handbox.  For example, if it takes 20 minutes to upgrade the handbox code normally, it will take 40 minutes to upgrade it with this option turned on.  Do not use this option unless you feel you are having problems transferring data.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Load Recent File Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 04EIW5}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} options;startup}
\b Load Recent File(Options menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this option is toggled on, the most recently used file (as it appears on the \uldb Most Recently Used File List\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EB.DI_} in the File Menu) will automatically be loaded the next time the program is launched.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Set Com Port Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 87B0L1}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} com port;connections;options}
\b Set Com Port(Options menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This will present a dialog box to allow you to set the COM port that the Autostar is connected to. You can select any of the 4 standard COM ports or enter a number beyond those by selecting "other" and then entering the number of the COM port in the Specify box.  Only enter the number, don\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 t enter the COM before it. If you\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 re not sure which COM port the Autostar is connected to click on Auto-Detect and the updater will find it and set it for you. Auto-Detect will only check the 4 standard COM ports.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Set Background Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} M6S0_H}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} background;options}
\b Set Background (Options menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This will present a dialog box to allow you to set your own, custom image as the background of the Autostar Update application window.  You may select any BMP, JPG, or GIF file.  It will be stretched to fit the proportions of the application window, so it is a good idea to start with an image that is roughly the same proportions.
\par 
\par To restore to the background to the Rosette Nebula image that came with the application, choose the Reset Image item from the popup menu.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Max Baud Rate Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9W00H7}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Autostar II;connections;options}
\b Max Baud Rate (Options menu \plain\f0\b\fs20 \'96\f2  Autostar II Only)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This option specifies the maximum baud rate to use for serial communication between the Autostar II and the PC.  By default, data is transferred to and from the Autostar II at 57,600 baud or 9,600 baud, depending on the context.  However, if you are finding that objects are not being successfully sent to or retrieved from the Autostar II, you may try specifying a lower max baud rate.  This will slow down the data transfer process, but should increase reliability.
\par \pard 
\par Please note that when the max baud rate is changed, a command is sent to the Autostar II specifying the new baud rate.  Therefore if you are using ASU with multiple handboxes, you cannot simply switch the handbox \plain\f0\fs20 \'96\f2  the new handbox will not be aware of the changed baud rate.  Use the Max Baud Rate option to tell the handbox which baud rate to use.  Upon startup, the Autostar II is listening at 9,600 baud, and a \uldb Connect\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E2R._R} command from ASU will initially attempt this rate, so if ASU and Autostar II ever become unsynchronized, simply restart the Autostar II and/or ASU.
\par \pard 
\par The #494/#495/#497/LX-90 Autostar handboxes always communicate at 9,600 baud, therefore this option is not available.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Garbage Collect Hbx Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15HS250}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Autostar II;garbage collection;memory management;tools}
\b Garbage Collect Hbx (Tools menu \plain\f0\b\fs20 \'96\f2  Autostar II Only)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This function will force the handbox to perform a "garbage collection" on its user data memory.
\par 
\par During normal use of the handbox, memory is allocated to an object as needed, but when the object is destroyed, the memory is not freed up to be used for other objects.  This is not normally a problem because the size of the user memory in the Autostar II is much larger than most users\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2  needs.  Both the Autostar Update and the handbox perform garbage Collection automatically when it looks like the amount of available memory is starting to get low.
\par \pard 
\par If it seems like operations with the handbox are taking an unusually long amount of time, you may wish to use this function.  The more "garbage" that is in the memory area, the longer it will take the operating system to "sift through the garbage" to get to the desired data.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Edit User Data Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RJR9GN}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} periodic error correction;personal information;tools;user data}
\b Edit User Data (Tools menu)
\par 
\par To Edit User Data in an Autostar II, Revision 1.3o or higher of the Autostar II Software is required.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This function will display a dialog box for viewing and editing User Information.  Owner Info and Site Information may be viewed, edited, saved and retrieved for all handbox types.  For the Autostar II handbox, Periodic Error Correction tables may also be saved and retrieved, but not edited.
\par 
\par When the Edit User Data menu item is selected, there will be a brief pause as the user data is retrieved from the handbox.  Once the dialog displays, the user may edit the Personal Information fields on the left, and/or add/delete/edit the sites listed on the right.
\par \pard 
\par To save a set of user data, use the Save button on the right.  To retrieve an existing set of user data, use the Load button on the right.  Files are stored with a ".usr" extension.
\par 
\par For Autostar II only, advanced users may wish to restore their Periodic Error Correction (PEC) data should they ever erase their user data from the handbox.  Each time user data is saved to disk, a copy of the PEC Table for both axes is stored in that file.  To restore such a saved PEC Table, load the ".usr" file by pressing the Load button, then check the "Include PEC Tables" check box prior to pressing the Send button.  Doing so will erase any PEC, Personal Information and Site data already in the handbox.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Restart Handbox Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 20VU4NP}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} restart;tools}
\b Restart Handbox (Tools menu)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Forces the handbox to cycle its power (turn off and on).  All operations performed by Autostar Update automatically restart the handbox when required.  However, in the case of an error, if the handbox is left in Download mode, this command will restore the handbox to the welcome screen.
\par 
\par This function is equivalent to turning the power on the telescope off and then on again manually. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Upgrade Autostar Software Now Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3W35IB}
\pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} upgrade handbox}
\b Upgrade Autostar Software Now (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Use this button to:
\par 
\par 1)\tab Download the latest version of your handbox\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s software from Meade Instruments Corporation\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s web site and upgrade your handbox; OR
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 2)\tab Download the latest version of your handbox\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s software from Meade Instruments Corporation\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s web site and save the file to a local disk drive for a future upgrade of the handbox; OR
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 3)\tab Upgrade the handbox using a file previously saved on a local disk drive.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 No matter which function you wish to perform, clicking on this button starts a process which automatically guides you through the procedure with a series of dialog boxes.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 For more information on upgrading your handbox, see \uldb How To Upgrade your handbox to a different revision of the software\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Upgrade}.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Advanced View Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1WV_Z6P}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} advanced view}
\b Advanced View vs. Basic View (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 For novice users of Autostar who simply wish to upgrade their handbox to a newer version of the handbox software, keep the Autostar Update program in "BASIC" view, which provides only one option - \uldb Upgrade Autostar Software Now\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3W35IB}.
\par 
\par For advanced users of Autostar who wish to manipulate the objects stored in the handbox, such as Asteroids, Comets, Satellites, Landmarks, Tours and User Objects, click on the ">> Advanced Functions>>" button to expand the window size.  The advanced window displays the \uldb Autostar Commands\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _VE77J} button group as well as the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} and the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Transfer Objects to Handbox Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8ZB3WY}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} transfer}
\b Transfer Objects to Handbox (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this button is clicked, all selected objects in the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} are copied to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.  If an object with the same name already exists in the Handbox List View, you are prompted to overwrite that object.
\par 
\par You may also transfer the selected objects by dragging and dropping from one list view to the other.
\par 
\par You may only transfer objects of one type at a time.  For example, Asteroids or Satellites.  When you switch object type, your selections of the previous object type are lost.
\par \pard 
\par You may select multiple objects from a list view by clicking one object, holding down the <SHIFT> (sequential) key or <CTRL> (non-sequential) key, and selecting another object.
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Transfer Objects to Library Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8ZB83C}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} transfer}
\b Transfer Objects To Library (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this button is clicked, all selected objects in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}\uldb  \plain\f2\fs20 are copied to the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.  If an object with the same name already exists in the Library List View, you areprompted to overwrite that object.
\par 
\par You may also transfer the selected objects by dragging and dropping from one list view to the other.
\par 
\par You may only transfer objects of one type at a time.  For example, Asteroids or Satellites.  When you switch object type, your selections of the previous object type are lost.
\par \pard 
\par You may select multiple objects from a list view by clicking one object, holding down the <SHIFT> (sequential key) or <CTRL> (non-sequential) key, and selecting another object.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Transfer All Objects to Handbox Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} T_4EW0}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copy all objects;copy objects;transfer objects}
\b Transfer All Objects To Handbox (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Clicking this button allows all objects in the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} to be copied to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.  A dialog box will appear allowing for selection of object types to be copied.  Click the check boxes next to the types of objects you wish to copy to the Handbox List View, or click "ALL Object Types" to copy the entire Library List View.  Note that any objects of the selected type that are already in the Handbox List View will be deleted, and then replaced with the copied objects.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Transfer All Objects to Library Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0.6I4K}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copy all objects;copy objects;transfer objects}
\b Transfer All Objects To Library (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Clicking this button allows all objects in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} to be copied to the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC}.  A dialog box will appear allowing for selection of object types to be copied.  Click the check boxes next to the types of objects you wish to copy to the Library List View, or click "ALL Object Types" to copy the entire Handbox List View.  Note that any objects of the selected type that are already in the Library List View will be deleted, and then replaced with the copied objects.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Refresh Library Objects}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11G4V_0}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copy objects;refresh objects;transfer objects;update objects}
\b Refresh Library Objects (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this button is clicked, all objects in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} that already exist in the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} are copied to the Library.  Only the selected object type, as indicated by the depressed object button at the top of either list view, is affected.
\par 
\par Use this command if changes have been made to the object data in the handbox, and you want to synchronize that data with your library collection.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Refresh Handbox Objects}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1440NV4}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copy objects;refresh objects;transfer objects;update objects}
\b Refresh Handbox Objects (Dialog Box Button)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this button is clicked, all objects in the \uldb Library List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XMF_CC} that already exist in the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} are copied to the Handbox list.  Only the selected object type, as indicated by the depressed object button at the top of either list view, is affected.
\par 
\par Use this command to update ephemerid data in the handbox.  For example, the handbox contains several satellite objects that you regularly observe, but new data for those objects has been obtained from the Internet.  Rather than rebuild the handbox list, use this command to update the data in the existing list.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Library List View}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XMF_CC}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} library;list view}
\b The Library List View
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The Library List View displays a list of objects that are currently in Autostar Update\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s memory.  Use this list view to manipulate, sort and edit objects prior to transferring them to the Autostar Handbox.  Consider this view (on the left half of the screen) as your "Master Library" which you build by combining objects from numerous sources, such as the handbox, the www, or manually entered data.  It is possible to store tens of thousands of objects in your Library, and to have several different libraries.  However, since you could not possibly observe all of these objects in a single outing, and the handbox space is limited, you should selectively \uldb Transfer\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 8ZB3WY} objects to the handbox collection, sort them into a logical order, and then \uldb Send\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} that data to the handbox for use during your next observing session.
\par \pard 
\par You may \uldb Open\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_VH7W} an existing library (*.AUD) file from a local disk drive, or you may create a \uldb New\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 16FTXGO} library document.  Data can be added to a library manually through the "EDIT" - \uldb New\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2MK979V} command, by \uldb transferring\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 8ZB83C} data from the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}, or by \uldb Importing\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E98JS_} data from one of several different file formats.
\par 
\par Autostar allows manipulation of six types of objects: \uldb asteroids\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2GF40ID}, \uldb comets\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2PSED_}, \uldb satellites\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2EGT7BW}, \uldb landmarks\plain\f2\fs20 {\v SDJ2GI}, \uldb user objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v GTB.GI} (which may be \uldb customized\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 7QD00K} with the Autostar II) and \uldb tours\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2FQMBZO}. To select the object type you wish to view and/or manipulate, choose one of the six buttons located at the top of either list view.
\par \pard 
\par Since amateur astronomy is such a popular pastime, there are numerous sources on the www where astronomical data can be obtained.  Visit Meade Instruments Corporation\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s web site for links to some of these resources.
\par 
\par Once your Library collection is built, you may \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v J_Z9HN} or \uldb Save As\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 11T4QYC} to store that library for future use with Autostar and Autostar Update.
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Handbox List View}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 71I.4.}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} handbox;list view}
\b The Handbox List View
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The Handbox List View contains the data that will be \uldb Sent\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} to the Autostar Handbox, or that has just been \uldb Retrieved\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR} from the Autostar Handbox.  Consider this view (on the right half of the screen) as your "Temporary Holding Area" for objects that are about to be \uldb Sent\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} to the handbox.  The order that the objects are displayed in the Handbox List View is the same order that they will appear in the Autostar Handbox.  So prior to sending the data, click on the column headings to sort the data in a way that is meaningful to you, such as by Name, Right Ascension, Absolute Magnitude, etc.
\par \pard 
\par Autostar allows manipulation of six types of objects: \uldb asteroids\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2GF40ID}, \uldb comets\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2PSED_}, \uldb satellites\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2EGT7BW}, \uldb landmarks\plain\f2\fs20 {\v SDJ2GI}, \uldb user objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v GTB.GI} (which may be \uldb customized\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 7QD00K} with the Autostar II) and \uldb tours\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2FQMBZO}. To select the object type you wish to view and/or manipulate, choose one of the six buttons located at the top of either list view.
\par 
\par You may \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M3LROP} the data in the handbox list and \uldb Load\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4_BP.GX} it into the handbox list at a later date.  
\par 
\par Since sending data to the handbox will erase all the objects already in the handbox, if you do not wish to permanently lose this data, \uldb Retrieve\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Retrieve} it first, \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M3LROP} it to the hard disk, and then proceed with the transfer.   
\par \pard 
\par Whenever data is \uldb Sent\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} to or \uldb Retrieved\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR} from the handbox, the contents of the handbox list are automatically saved to a backup file, so you can undo any changes made by choosing the File Menu Item \uldb Restore Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v RZP8VE}.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Autostar Commands}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _VE77J}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Autostar commands;handbox}
\b Autostar Commands (Button Group)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This button group contains the 4 commands for communicating with the Autostar handbox.  Before using one of these commands, make sure the handbox is properly connected to the PC using a \uldb P/N 07047 LX-200 Interface Cable\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1P5GKAV}, \uldb #505\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L1} or \uldb #506\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12N_8L2} Connector Cable Kit and that the Autostar is powered on.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1705\cellx7255\pard\intbl \uldb Connect\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E2R._R}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 \plain\f2\fs20 Establishes connection between the software and the handbox.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1705\cellx7255\pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl \uldb Retrieve Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 Copies objects from the Autostar handbox to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1705\cellx7255\pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 Copies objects from the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}  to the Autostar handbox.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1705\cellx7255\pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl \uldb Real Time Mode\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MP7GY1}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\li715\fi-715 Toggles operation of Autostar Update between normal and Real Time Mode.\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Connect to Autostar}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E2R._R}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Autostar;connect;handbox}
\b Connect to Autostar (Autostar Commands Button Group)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When this button is clicked, the software attempts to establish a serial connection with the Autostar Handbox.  The handbox must be properly connected to the PC, or an error will be reported.
\par 
\par Once a connection is established, the software reports the status of the handbox, such as software revision level, available memory, and number of objects.
\par 
\par If you attempt to transfer data to and from the handbox without clicking on the connect button first, a connection is automatically attempted.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Real Time Mode}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MP7GY1}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} real time mode;transfer objects}
\b Real Time Mode (Autostar Commands Button Group \plain\f0\b\fs20 \'96\f2  Autostar II Only)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Pressing this button puts an Autostar II handbox into Real Time Mode - a powerful method for transferring objects from the PC to the handbox, without having to upload the entire contents of the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} to the handbox.
\par 
\par In normal Autostar Update operation, the contents of the Autostar\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s user memory must be entirely downloaded to the PC, modifications made, and then entirely sent back to the Autostar.  With large collections of data, this can require a long time as the data is first received, and then sent back.  If the user\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s intentions are just to modify a few objects, or send a few new objects to the handbox, it is superfluous to transfer every object in the collection back and forth.
\par \pard 
\par However, with Real Time Mode activated, the user can more speedily transfer or modify a few objects than in normal operation.  When the Real Time Mode button is pressed, the current contents of the handbox are downloaded to the PC once.  The \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} is colored light-red to indicate Real Time Mode is activated.  Any changes to the Handbox List View will then be IMMEDIATELY made to the data in the handbox as well.  Only the objects modified will be sent back to the handbox, instead of the entire collection.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 
\par Of course, there are trade-offs with using Real Time Mode:
\par \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 Performance of transferring data is much slower in Real Time Mode, since the algorithms are optimized for transferring a few objects instead of a large collection.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 Verify Mode is not available in Real Time Mode.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 The handbox processor is being worked harder in Real Time Mode, therefore problems may emerge if the processor is simultaneously asked to perform a telescope function such as slewing or tracking.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 To get the best performance with Real Time Mode, the following guidelines should be followed:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f4 \'b7\tab \f2 Set the handbox to a menu with a static display, such as "Select Item: -> Setup" (DO NOT use Real Time Mode when there is scrolling text on the display, or during the initialization prompts such as the Sun Warning).\b 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \plain\f4\fs20 \'b7\tab \f2 Use Real Time Mode only when making relatively few modifications to the handbox data, perhaps less than 30 objects.  It is possible to transfer large amounts of data in this mode, but the performance will be better in the normal mode.\b 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \plain\f4\fs20 \'b7\tab \f2 To see the results of changes in the handbox, the object selection list must be exited, and the re-entered.\b 
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard Note that Real Time Mode works by synchronizing the contents of the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} with the contents of the handbox.  If this synchronization is lost or any data errors occur, immediately exit Real Time Mode, perform a \uldb Garbage Collect Hbx\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 15HS250}, and then re-active Real Time Mode if desired.\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Retrieve Data Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19UIIUR}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} handbox;retrieve}
\b Retrieve Data (Autostar Commands Button Group)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Use this command to copy the current contents of the Autostar handbox\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s database to the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.}.  Once the objects are copied over, you may \uldb Edit\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ROSZNY}, \uldb Add\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2MK979V} to, \uldb Delete\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ANWY6K} and \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M3LROP} the data, and then \uldb Send\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} the modified objects back to the handbox.
\par 
\par Every time you \uldb Send Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5KMB6_} or Retrieve Data from the Autostar Handbox, a backup file of the current Handbox List contents is saved to the hard disk.  
\par \pard 
\par To restore this list and erase any changes you have made since the backup file was created, choose \uldb Restore Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v RZP8VE} from the \uldb File\plain\f2\fs20 {\v menu_File} menu.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Send Data Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5KMB6_}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} handbox;send}
\b Send Data (Autostar Commands Button Group)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Use this command to copy the current contents of the \uldb Handbox List View\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 71I.4.} to the Autostar handbox.  Sending data to the handbox erases all the objects already in the handbox, so if you do not wish to permanently lose this data, \uldb Retrieve\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Retrieve} it first, \uldb Save\plain\f2\fs20 {\v M3LROP} it to the hard disk, and then proceed with the transfer.
\par 
\par Every time you Send Data or \uldb Retrieve Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19UIIUR} from the Autostar Handbox, a backup file of the current Handbox List contents is saved to the hard disk.  
\par \pard 
\par To restore this list and erase any changes you have made since the backup file was created, choose \uldb Restore Data\plain\f2\fs20 {\v RZP8VE} from the \uldb File\plain\f2\fs20 {\v menu_File} menu.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Asteroid Object Data Type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2GF40ID}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} asteroids}
\b Asteroids (Object Data Type)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 An asteroid is an object orbiting the sun that is smaller than a major planet, but that shows no evidence of an atmosphere or of other types of activity associated with comets.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Satellite Object Data Type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2EGT7BW}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} satellites}
\b Satellites (Object Data Type)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A satellite is a man-made body that orbits the planet earth.  Satellites are used for many purposes ranging from telecommunications to military, to scientific, or to meteorological.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Comet Object Data Type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2PSED_}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} comets}
\b Comets (Object Data Type)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A comet is a small body of icy and dusty matter that revolves about the sun.  When a comet nears the sun, some of its material vaporizes, forming a large head of tenuous gas, often called a "tail".
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Landmark Object Data Type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SDJ2GI}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} landmarks}
\b Landmarks (Object Data Type)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A landmark is a terrestrial object that the user defines with the Autostar handbox.  Landmark coordinates are stored in the handbox and are only valid when the telescope is mounted in the same orientation as when the landmark was defined.  
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} User Object Object Data Type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GTB.GI}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} user objects}
\b User Objects (Object Data Type)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A user object is ANY celestial object that a user defines with the Autostar Handbox.  The location of this object are recorded in celestial coordinates, so whenever the telescope is astronomically aligned, the user may return to that object.  This is useful for those wishing to observe celestial objects that are not currently defined in the Autostar\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s database, such as newly-found comets or asteroids.
\par 
\par The Autostar II handbox also contains \uldb Custom User Objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1NH3I3X}, which have user-defined fields.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Custom User Object Object Data Type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NH3I3X}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} custom user catalogs;custom user objects}
\b Custom User Objects (Object Data Type \plain\f0\b\fs20 \'96\f2  Autostar II Only)
\par 
\par To Manipulate Custom User Objects, Revision 1.3o or higher of the Autostar II Software is required.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A custom user object is ANY celestial object that a user defines with the Autostar Handbox. Just like normal \uldb User Objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v GTB.GI}, each Custom User Object has a name, Right Ascension and Declination as the first 3 fields.  However, a custom user object may have up to 6 additional fields of 15 characters each (including label and data) which are defined by the user.  
\par \pard 
\par There may be up to 20 different Catalogs of Custom User Objects, which are essentially 20 new Object Data Types in addition to the 6 standard types.  Each Catalog must have a unique name, and is required to start with the object name, RA and DEC fields.  Catalogs can only be defined through the Autostar Update software, and once they are defined, they cannot be altered, although the object data within them may be altered.  
\par 
\par To select a Custom User Object from within the handbox, look under Object->Deep Sky, and any custom catalogs that have been defined will be displayed along with the normal Deep Sky objects.
\par \pard 
\par To select/ edit/ create a Custom User Object from within the Autostar Update Software, right-mouse-click the User Object type button in either list view and select the desired Catalog to display.  
\par 
\par For information on how to create new Custom User Object Catalogs, see \uldb How To Create Custom User Catalogs\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Create_Custom}.  For information on how to manage Custom User Objects, see \uldb Managing Custom User Catalogs\plain\f2\fs20 {\v How_To_Manage_Custom}.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tour Object Data Type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2FQMBZO}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} extended tours;tours}
\b Tours (Object Data Type)
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A tour is a script that contains many objects, usually grouped under a theme, such as "Messier Objects" or "Tonight\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s Best".  Tours can be downloaded from Meade\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s website as well as from third-party sites, or can be written by the user.
\par 
\par With the addition of the Autostar II, several new features were incorporated into the script syntax for tours, such as lunar features and Hipparcos stars.  Tours incorporating such features are referred to as EXTENDED tours, and are represented by a "Yes" in the "Extended" column of the tours list.  Extended tours will only be available in future releases of the Autostar II handbox, and attempts to send them to an Autostar 494/495/497 handbox are not be allowed.  Basic tours (represented by a "No" in the "Extended" column) can be sent to any handbox type.
\par \pard 
\par To learn about how to write tours, visit Meade\plain\f0\fs20 \'92\f2 s website at: 
\par 
\par http://www.meade.com/support/auto/AutostarTourFiles/HowToWriteATour.pdf
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8RPTCP}
\pard \b No Help Available\plain\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par \f2 No help is available for this area of the window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1Z1W.GH}
\pard \b No Help Available
\par \plain\f1\fs20 
\par \f2 No help is available for this message box.
\par \f1 
\par \f2 << If you wish to author help specific to each message box prompt, then remove the AFX_HIDP_xxx values from the [ALIAS] section of your .HPJ file, and author a topic for each AFX_HIDP_xxx value.  For example, AFX_HIDP_INVALID_FILENAME is the help topic for the Invalid Filename message box. >>
\par 
\par \f1 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} #505 Connector Cable Set Instructions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12N_8L1}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} connections}
\f2\b Operating Instructions - #505 Connector Cable Kit
\par \plain\f1\fs20 
\par \pard\qc 
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f3\fs16 The #505 Connector Cable Kit provides access to three Autostar operations:
\par \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Telescope Control: Use a personal computer (PC) to directly control a Meade Autostar-compatible telescope through the use of an astronomical software program with telescope control capabilities such as Meade Epoch 2000sk\'99 Sky Software.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Download from a PC: Download a new version of the Autostar software or object information (e.g., new satellite orbital parameters) from the Meade web site (www.meade.com) through a PC to Autostar.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Download and Clone from Autostar: Transfer user-defined object information or new Autostar software from one Autostar Computer Controller to another.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b PARTS LIST
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f3\fs16 The #505 Connector Cable Kit is supplied with the following:
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 3-foot, 4-pin to 4-pin cable
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 6-foot, 4-pin to 6-pin cable
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 6-pin to RS-232 serial interface adapter
\par \pard\tx355 The 3-foot cable connects two Autostars, while the 6-foot cable connects an Autostar and a PC using the interface adapter.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 CAUTION: Do not connect either cable to the AUX port on the telescope\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f3 s computer control panel or damage may occur to the cable connector.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\qc\tx355 \f2\fs20 \{bmc bm5.BMP\}
\par \pard\qc\li715\ri715\tx355 \f5\fs16 
\par \pard\qc\li715\ri715\tx355 Fig. 1: #505 Connector Cable Kit connects between a PC and Autostar for telescope computer control or download capabilities.
\par \pard\qc\li715\ri715\tx355 (1) Serial Interface Adapter; (2) 6-Foot Cable; (3) Autostar;
\par \pard\qc\li715\ri715\tx355 (4) Handbox (HBX) port on the telescope\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f5 s computer control panel.
\par \pard\qc\tx355 \f2\fs20 
\par \pard\qc\tx355 
\par \pard\qc\tx355 \{bmc bm6.BMP\}\f3\fs16 
\par \pard\qc\tx355 \f5 
\par \pard\qc\tx355 Fig. 2: #505 Connector Cable Kit connects between two Autostar handboxes.
\par \pard\qc\tx355 (1) 3-foot cable.
\par \pard\qc\tx355 \f3 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b TELESCOPE CONTROL
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f3\fs16 A powerful feature of Autostar is that it serves as an interface between an astronomical software program, such as Meade Epoch 2000sk Sky Software, and a Meade digital telescope. 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 NOTE: The software program must be compatible with the LX200-series telescope to be compatible with Autostar.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 To use this function, complete the following procedure:
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 1.\tab Verify that telescope and computer power are OFF.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab Connect the serial interface adapter (1, Fig. 1) to the RS\plain\f0\fs16 \'96\f3 232 port on a PC.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Connect the 6-pin end of the 6-foot cable (2, Fig. 1) to the serial interface adapter, then the 4-pin end to the RS-232 port at the base of Autostar (3, Fig. 1).
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 4.\tab Connect the Autostar coil cord between the HBX port (4, Fig. 1) on the telescope computer control panel and the coil cord connector port on Autostar.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 5.\tab Apply power to the telescope and computer, then complete basic Autostar initialization as detailed in the Autostar instruction manual.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 6.\tab Be sure that the computer Com Port is configured to the following specifications:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Baud Rate\tab 9600
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Data Bits\tab 8
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Parity\tab None
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Stop bit\tab 1
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Flow Control\tab None
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 7.\tab Complete telescope alignment as detailed in the Autostar instruction manual.
\par \pard\tx355 Telescope control can now be accessed using a PC astronomical software program. Follow instructions provided with the software to provide PC telescope control (if using Meade Epoch 2000sk Sky Software the telescope is controlled using the Auto Tracking function).
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 NOTE: The Autostar GO TO function is still active when connected to an astronomical software program, allowing control either from the PC or Autostar.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 If you have a question concerning use of the #505 Connector Cable Kit, call the Meade Instruments Customer Service Department at (949) 451-1450, or fax at (949) 451-1460. Customer Service hours are 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM, Pacific Time, Monday through Friday.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \f2\fs20 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} #506 Connector Cable Set Instructions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12N_8L2}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} connections}
\b\fs19 Operating Instructions - #506 AstroFinder Software and Cable Connector Kit
\par \plain\f1\fs20 
\par \pard\qc 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f3\fs16 The #506 AstroFinder Software and Cable Connector Kit provides access to two #494 Autostar operations:
\par \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Telescope Control: Use a personal computer (PC) to directly control a Meade #494 Autostar-compatible telescope through the use of an astronomical software program with telescope control capabilities such as the included Meade AstroFinder\'99 software or the optional Meade Epoch\'99 2000sk Sky Software.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Download from a PC: Download a new version of the #494 Autostar software or object information (e.g., new satellite orbital parameters) from the Meade web site (www.meade.com) through a PC to the #494 Autostar.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b PARTS LIST
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f3\fs16 The #506 Cable Connector Kit includes the following:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 6-foot, 4-pin to 6-pin cable with integrated AUX-to-serial converter
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 6-pin to RS-232 serial interface adapter
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 AstroFinder software (CD-Rom)
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\qc\tx355 \{bmc bm7.BMP\}
\par \pard\qc\li715\ri715\tx355 
\par \pard\qc\li715\ri715\tx355 Fig. 1: The #506 Connector Cable Kit connects between a PC and #494 Autostar for telescope computer control or download capabilities. 
\par \pard\qc\li715\ri715\tx355 (1) Serial Interface Adapter; (2) 6-Foot Cable; (3) #494 Autostar; (4) Handbox (HBX) port on the telescope\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f3 s computer control panel; (5) AUX port; (6) CPU.
\par \pard\qc\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b TELESCOPE CONTROL
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\f3\fs16 A powerful feature of Autostar is that it serves as an interface between an astronomical software program, such as Meade AstroFinder\'99 Software, and a Meade digital telescope. 
\par \pard\tx355 To use this function, complete the following procedure:
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 1.\tab Verify that telescope and computer power are OFF.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab Connect the serial interface adapter (1, Fig. 1) to the RS\plain\f0\fs16 \'96\f3 232 port on your PC.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Connect the 6-pin end of the 6-foot cable (2, Fig. 1) to the serial interface adapter, then connect the 4-pin end to the AUX port at the base of the telescope mount (5, Fig. 1).
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 4.\tab Connect the #494 Autostar to the HBX port (4, Fig. 1) on the telescope computer control panel.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 5.\tab Apply power to the telescope and computer, then complete basic Autostar initialization as detailed in the Autostar instruction manual.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 6.\tab Be sure that the computer Com Port is configured to the following specifications:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Baud Rate\tab 9600\tab 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Data Bits\tab \tab 8
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Parity\tab \tab None
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Stop bit\tab \tab 1
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Flow Control\tab None
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 7.\tab Complete telescope alignment as detailed in your instruction manual.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 8.\tab Install the AstroFinder software to your PC. Insert the CD-Rom into your PC and follow the on-screen setup instructions. Be sure to install both the AstroFinder and the Control Panel software.
\par \pard\tx355 Follow the instructions provided with the software to control your telescope.
\par \pard\tx355 NOTE: The Autostar GO TO function is still active when connected to an astronomical software program, allowing control either from the PC or Autostar.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 If you have a question concerning use of the #506 Cable Connector Kit, call the Meade Instruments Customer Service Department at (949) 451-1450, or fax to (949) 451-1460. Customer Service hours are 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM, Pacific Time, Monday through Friday.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LX200 Serial Interface Cable Instructions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1P5GKAV}
\pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} connections}
\f2\b\fs20 Operating Instructions \plain\f0\b\fs20 \'96\f2  P/N 07047 LX200 Serial Interface Cable
\par 
\par \plain\f3\fs16 The LX200 Serial Interface Cable provides access to two LX200 operations:
\par \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Telescope Control: Use a personal computer (PC) to directly control a Meade LX200 telescope through the use of an astronomical software program with telescope control capabilities such as the optional Meade Epoch\'99 2000sk Sky Software.
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Download from a PC (LX200 GPS Models): Download a new version of the Autostar II software or object information (e.g., new satellite orbital parameters) from the Meade web site (www.meade.com) through a PC to the Autostar II.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 To use your LX200 GPS and Autostar II with this and other software, perform the following steps:
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 1.\tab Verify that telescope and computer power are OFF.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 2.\tab Connect the serial interface adapter to the RS\plain\f0\fs16 \'96\f3 232 port on your PC.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 3.\tab Connect one end of the 6-pin serial cable to the serial interface adapter, then connect the other end to the RS-232 port CLOSEST TO THE HANDBOX PORT at the base of the telescope mount.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 4.\tab Connect the Autostar II to the HBX port on the telescope computer control panel.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 5.\tab Apply power to the telescope and computer, then complete basic Autostar initialization as detailed in the Autostar instruction manual.
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 6.\tab Be sure that the computer Com Port is configured to the following specifications:
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx715 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Baud Rate\tab 9600\tab 
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Data Bits\tab \tab 8
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Parity\tab \tab None
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Stop bit\tab \tab 1
\par \pard\li715\fi-355\tx355 \f4 \'b7\tab \f3 Flow Control\tab None
\par \pard\li355\fi-355\tx355 7.\tab To communicate between the Autostar II and your PC, follow the instructions for the specific software you wish to use.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 If you have a question concerning use of the LX200 Serial Interface Cable, call the Meade Instruments Customer Service Department at (949) 451-1450, or fax to (949) 451-1460. Customer Service hours are 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM, Pacific Time, Monday through Friday.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par }