{\rtf1\ansi\deff2
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\fnil CG Times (W1);}{\f4\fnil Symbol;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{\fs48 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
\pard\qc\sl235 \f1\fs48\cf1 Meade Autostar Suite
\par \pard\sl235 \plain\f0\fs16 
\par 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} M0NQWE}
\f2\b\fs20 Autostar Suite Help Index
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \b Commands
\par \pard\sl235\tx355 \plain\fs20 \tab \uldb File menu\plain\fs20 {\v 6XNXVL}
\par \tab \uldb Time menu\plain\fs20 {\v 6Y1XWL}
\par \tab \uldb Ephemeris menu\plain\fs20 {\v FZURQZ}
\par \tab \uldb Starmap menu\plain\fs20 {\v 19_RH2K}
\par \tab \uldb Telescope menu\plain\fs20 {\v OJLORH}
\par \tab \uldb Image menu\plain\fs20 {\v STFOS6}
\par \tab \uldb Options menu\plain\fs20 {\v FSZH3H}
\par \tab \uldb Help menu\plain\fs20 {\v 6XPTVW}
\par 
\par 
\par \b Utilities
\par \plain\fs20 \tab \uldb Tool Bar\plain\fs20 {\v 9O9DU4}
\par \tab \uldb Status Bar\plain\fs20 {\v 3397_GS}
\par \tab Starmap \uldb Utilities\plain\fs20 {\v 4COSNZP} dialog box
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6XNXVL}
\pard\sl235\tx355 \b File menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The File menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Open\plain\fs20 {\v J_VH7W}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Opens an existing image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Close\plain\fs20 {\v 17K6RWO}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Closes an opened image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\tx355 \uldb Save Map\plain\fs20 {\v 47GH2} \tab    Save current starmap as a BMP file on disk.
\par \plain\f0\b\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs20 Print\plain\fs20 {\v 17X.LS3}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Prints the starmap in color or black and white.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Print Setup\plain\fs20 {\v BPU4SE}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Selects a printer and printer connection.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Page Setup\plain\fs20 {\v 1OJLE6S}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Selects page options such as, borders, margins, etc..
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Set Custom Catalogs\line
{\v 1ZMGL6P}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Selects the additional files to be displayed as objects and planetoids.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Compile\plain\fs20 {\v ZIQSNM}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Compiles binary versions of the various objects databases.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Build Tables\plain\fs20 {\v 1XQ490F}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Builds the binary tables used by Autostar Suite.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Preferences\plain\fs20 {\v 74BL.O7}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Allows selection of various display options.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235\tx355 \uldb Exit\plain\fs20 {\v J_LP.2}\tab 
\par\intbl \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235\tx355 \pard\intbl\sl235 Exits Autostar Suite.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235 \plain\fs20 
\par \page
\pard\sl235 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6Y1XWL}
\b Time Menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Time menu offers the following commands, which provide you the capability to choose any time from 4713 B.C. to 9999 A.D. at any location on Earth: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx7685\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Time Display\plain\fs20 {\v CAWHEJ}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows you to continuously display a variety of important times.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx7685\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Set Time & Date\plain\fs20 {\v JLDSMN}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allow you to set the current time and day in either the Gregorian format (hh:mm:ss yyyy/mm/dd) or\line
Julian format (dddddddd.ffffffff).
\par\intbl The new time remains frozen until the Use System Time button is selected.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx7685\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Set Location\plain\fs20 {\v 1XC_E17}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows you to select the current viewing position.  The coordinates may be entered manually or automatically by selecting from a list of observatories or cities.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx7685\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Save Parameters\plain\fs20 {\v 192JN0X}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Saves the current location parameters.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ephemeris commands}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FZURQZ}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ephemeris}
\b Ephemeris menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Ephemeris menu offers the following commands, which provide you \uldb information\plain\fs20  on the ephemeral (changing) solar system objects: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1955\cellx8135\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Sun, Moon, etc.\plain\fs20 {\v CQXHHU}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays a variety of important values on the selected object.  The precision of these values is determined by the values set in the \uldb Starmap:Precision\plain\fs20 {\v 1ZQNW0N} menu
\par\intbl An Ephemerides (a list of position values over time) can also be generated and printed.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1955\cellx8135\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Import Active Asteroids and Comets Calendar\plain\fs20 {\v _13ZIZ}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows you to import comet and asteroid data, in Autostar format from the most recent Internet source
\par\intbl 
\par\intbl 
\par\intbl 
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1955\cellx8135\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Moon Calendar\plain\fs20 {\v Q8W8WN}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Display a monthly calendar show the phase of the moon at 0hr. Universal Time on each day.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1955\cellx8135\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Eclipse Calendars\plain\fs20 {\v E24OF1}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 Displays work maps depicting the path and duruation of total and annular eclipsed through the year 2020.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1955\cellx8135\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Show Current Values\plain\fs20 {\v 16J1KUA}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays a variety of high precision values that are used for calculating the Ephemeris values.  The values can be displayed in either dd:mm:ss or dd.fffffff formats.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19_RH2K}
\pard\sl235 \b Starmap menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Starmap menu offers the following commands, which control the appearance of the starmap display: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Map ON/OFF\plain\fs20 {\v G7BIJP}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Toggles the Starmap on and off.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Previous View\plain\fs20 {\v 7JEF42}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Resets the Starmap values and options to their previous states and redraws the map.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Redraw\plain\fs20 {\v 6Q8LZ8_}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Redraws the current Starmap.  Useful when the display becomes cluttered by adding new options repeatedly.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Animate Starmap\plain\fs20 {\v ISED8G}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Animates the planets, asteroids, comets, and user planetoids.  The starting time and step times can varied.  Also, the individual object classes can be selected as needed.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Viewpoint\plain\fs20 {\v 7NS9ZW}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows the coordinates and viewing angle of the Starmap to be selected.  The coordinates define the center of the Starmap.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Lock AzEl\plain\fs20 {\v .TG627}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 When selected, the star map center coordinate remains centered on an Azimuth and Elevation as seen from the observer;s location.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Zenith Up\plain\fs20 {\v 3KSZCR}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 When set, this option rotates the Starmap so that zenith is towards the top of the display.  This is the perspective that a gound based observer, or Alt/Az mounted telescope will see. When not set, the celestial pole is at the top of the display. This is the persective seen by an equatorially mounted telescope.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Object Selection\plain\fs20 {\v L2_M8U}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows any object (Messier, NGC, IC, SAO, Constellations, etc.) to be selected and displayed in the center of the Starmap.  A description of each object is also available for most objects.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Magnitudes\plain\fs20 {\v 10CL4FD}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Sets the brightest and dimmest object magnitudes.  Only those objects with magnitudes between these values will be displayed.  Default values are -5 and 22. Alternatively, you can enable automatic magnitude range selection. When enabled, the magnitude range is automatically set, based upon the field of view, to keep a reasonable number of objected displayed.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Mirror\plain\fs20 {\v 19HQ379}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows the orientation of the Starmap to be adjusted to account for any image reversals that are due to the telescope optics.  The image can be flipped about both the vertical and horizontal axes.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Zoom\plain\fs20 {\v 1RO_OLP}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Sets the current Field of View for the Starmap.  The value can be entered directly or rapidly chosen from the Sky Coverage buttons.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Hubble Guide Stars\plain\fs20 {\v BK4NGG}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Enables or disables the optional Hubble Guide Star catalog.  The drive designation of the CD-ROM must be set before the catalog can be accessed.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Invert Screen Colors\plain\fs20 {\v CDHQMV}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Causes the Starmap display to be drawn with a white background and different object colors.  Useful for those who prefer a 'chart like' display.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Precision\plain\fs20 {\v 1ZQNW0N}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Selects the precision to which the Ephemeral objects are calculated.  Lower precision will allow the objects to be drawn more quickly.  Geocentric calculates position relative to the center of the Earth, while Topocentric is relative to current location coordinates on the Earth's surface.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Projection\plain\fs20 {\v 1GT_0T_}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows selection of either Azimuthal Equidistant or Spherical projections.  Azimuthal Eq. is useful for full sky views.  Spherical is better for smaller fields of view.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Star Contrast & Brightness\plain\fs20 {\v 6THFL3}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows the contrast and brightness of the stars to be varied to more closely match the view of the actual sky.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1925\cellx8105\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Reset Parameters\plain\fs20 {\v 46B1_ZK}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Resets many of the important Starmap options to a default state.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OJLORH}
\pard\sl235  \b Telescope menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Telescope menu offers the following commands: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Protocol\plain\fs20 {\v 9W7VQM}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Selects the protocol to use to communicate with your telescope.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Set Telescope Fields\plain\fs20 {\v 4K7V_VI}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Selects the size and shape of both the Guide scope and Main scope fields.  The sizes of the fields may also be chosen by selecting from a list of popular Meade equipment.
\par\intbl 
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Hand Control Panel\plain\fs20 {\v WT7IWG}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays the Telescope Hand Control Panel that allows slewing and guiding, selection of slewing speeds, and focusing controls.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Scope Setup/Shutdown\plain\fs20 {\v L44MS3}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 This optional menu is display only when Autostar Suite is communicating with the telescope.  It allows the easy initialization or shurdown  and the setting and reading of various time and location values of the LX200 series telescopes.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Auto Track\plain\fs20 {\v .I8XMV}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Toggles the state of the Auto Track feature.  When enabled, the Starmap is automatically redrawn to show the telescope position as the scope moves across the sky.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Communications\plain\fs20 {\v F2IG1M}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Provides access to the configuration and testing of communciation between the computer and telescope:
\par\intbl     \ul Start Network Server\plain\fs20 {\v 18ZJ99P}
\par\intbl     \ul CommPort Setup\plain\fs20 {\v 1JRRHFN}\uldb 
\par\intbl \plain\fs20     \ul Test\plain\fs20 {\v 7HRN_M}.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Dome Control\plain\fs20 {\v CGM6R9}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Opens or selects Meades Observatory Control module to allow you to coordinate dome motion with telescope motion and remotely control other observatory structures\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Autostar Updater\plain\fs20 {\v 2ACHF7K}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 Opens or selects the Autostar Updater to install new firmware, download tours, asteroids, comets, and satellites to your telescope.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb PEC Tool \plain\fs20 {\v EZIH9K}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 Opens or selects the Autostar PEC Tool. The PEC Tool allows interactive tuning of the Smart Drive correction parameters in the Autostar II Family of telelscopes to your telescope.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} STFOS6}
\pard\sl235 \b Image menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Image menu offers the following commands: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb LPI Imaging\plain\fs20 {\v U9O_.R}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Starts the Envisage application module to control an LPI Imaging session.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb DSI Imaging\plain\fs20 {\v 4VO9SH}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Starts the Envisage application module to control a DSI or DSI II Imaging session.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Pictor Camera Imaging\plain\fs20 {\v NJ3ELB}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Starts the PictorView application module to control a Pictor 208XT, 216XT 416XTE or 1616XTE imaging session
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Pictor Autoguiding\plain\fs20 {\v 2JGEYLE}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Stars the Pictor Autoguiding program to utilize a Pictor 208XT or Pictor 216XT as an computer controlled autoguider.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\cellx13975\cellx20155\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Remote Envisage\plain\fs20 {\v YWI0QR}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Starts the Enviage remote control module to allow you to remotely operate a DSI, DSI II or LPI\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\cellx13975\cellx20155\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1615\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Image Processing\plain\fs20 {\v 1HBH6QO}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Starts the Autostar Image Processing module to perform advanced image processing and analysis
\par\intbl 
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FSZH3H}
\pard\sl235 \b Options menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx7675\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Night Vision\plain\fs20 {\v 1ZGHSKL}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Toggles the display into the red Night Vision mode.  This is used to preserve your night vision when using the computer during an observing session.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx7675\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Starnap\plain\fs20 {\v 3Z3SZNL}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows selection of numerous objects, names, and lines to be included in the Starmap.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx7675\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Deep Sky\plain\fs20 {\v 1OHXCZJ}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows classes of Deep Sky objects to be selectively enabled or disabled when the Deep Sky object are draw.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx7675\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Lines\plain\fs20 {\v T4KG1S}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Selects colors for the various types of reference lines.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1495\cellx7675\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Names\plain\fs20 {\v 6X7FEC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Selects typeface, point size and color for the various names shown on the Starmap.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6XPTVW}
\pard\sl235 \b Help menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1075\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Index\plain\fs20 {\v 0M.IC7}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1075\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb About\plain\fs20 {\v 1IWHSVS}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays the version number of this application.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Open command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J_VH7W}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b Open command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to open an existing image in a new window.
\par 
\par \b Shortcuts
\par \pard\sl235\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc bm0.BMP\}
\par \pard\sl235\li355\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3CEEVW5}
\pard\sl235 \b File Open dialog box
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The following options allow you to specify which file to open:
\par \pard\sb55\sl235 \b File Name
\par \pard\sl235\li355 \plain\fs20 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. 
\par \pard\sb55\sl235 \b List Files of Type
\par \pard\sl235\li355 \plain\fs20 Select the type of file you want to open:
\par \pard\li1435\fi-285\tx2155 TIFF\tab - Tagged Image File Format (16 bit grayscale)
\par FITS\tab - Flexible Information Transport System (8 or 16 bit grayscale)
\par BMP\tab - Windows Bitmap Format (8 bit grayscale/256 color)
\par LNX\tab - Spectra Source Lynxx format (12 bit grayscale)
\par ST4\tab - Santa Barbara Instrument Group (8 bit grayscale)
\par ST5\tab - Santa Barbara Instrument Group (12 bit grayscale)
\par ST6,7,8\tab - Santa Barbara Instrument Group (16 bit grayscale)
\par ARN\tab - Astronomical Research Network
\par IMG
\par IBG\tab - NASA Planetary Data System
\par \pard\li1435\fi-285\tx2155 IMQ
\par 08B\tab - Raw (8 bit grayscale).  Similar to ST4.
\par In addition, there is a RAW format for reading unknown image formats.
\par \pard\sb55\sl235\tx2155 \b Drives
\par \pard\sl235\li355\tx2155 \plain\fs20 Select the drive in which Autostar Suite stores the file that you want to open. 
\par \pard\sb55\sl235\tx2155 \b Directories
\par \pard\sl235\li355\tx2155 \plain\fs20 Select the directory in which Autostar Suite stores the file that you want to open.
\par \pard\sl235\li355\tx2155 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Close command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17K6RWO}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} closing files}
\b Close command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to close all windows containing the active image. Autostar Suite suggests that you save changes to your image before you close it.  If you close an image without saving, you lose all changes made since the last time you saved it.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Save Map command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 47GH2}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} saving starmaps}
\b Save Map(File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to save the currently displayed starmap as a BMP image file on disk. This command ca be used to save starmaps for inclusion in documents, presentations and webpages.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Print command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17X.LS3}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} printing starmaps}
\b Print command (File menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \pard The Print command allows you to make high quality hard copy versions of the currently displayed starmap.  Any selected options will also appear on the printed version.  The hard copy version is rendered to take full advantage of your printer.  The best results will be obtained by using a laser printer.
\par 
\par Due to variations in printers and in the vendor supplied printer drivers, the hard copy version will not exactly match the screen display. Autostar Suite attempts to find the best fit with the given printer setup to preserve the screen view as much as possible.  You may choose to print the map in color or b/w.  If you print a color map on a black and white printer, you may get unexpected results.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Printer Setup command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BPU4SE}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} printer setup}
\b Printer Setup (File menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Displays the Printer Setup dialog box which allows the selection of any of the currently installed printers.
\par 
\par By selecting the Setup button, the Setup dialog box for the current printer is displayed.  See the documentation for the currently selected printer for a description of this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Page Setup}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OJLE6S}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} page setup}
\b Page Setup (File menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Displays the Page Setup dialog box which allows the selection of page layout options such as borders, margins, headers and footers.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Set User Files command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ZMGL6P}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} setting user files}
\b Set Custom Catalogs (File menu)
\par 
\par \plain\fs20 The Set User Files dialog box allows you to select the custom catalog files to be used in drawing the starmap.  You can create a unique data file for each of your different projects, or load popular
\par catalogs.
\par 
\par There are two different data file types: Object Catalogs and User Planetoids.  The Objects Catalogs consists of a table of Name, Description, R.A. (Right Ascension) and DEC. (Declination), Magnitude, and Size entries.  The User Planetoids file consists of a table of orbital elements followed by a descriptive name.  Each entry in either file must be contained on a single line terminated with a CR and LF to delimit the line.  There is no limit to the number of objects that may be contained in these files.
\par \pard 
\par You may select up to eight Object catalogs.  To enable the display of the selected catalog, click on the check box to the right of the item.  You may edit the contents for a catalog by clicking on the edit button to the right of a catalog.
\par 
\par See the header at the beginning of the supplied user files Messier.uob for a description of the format of the files.
\par 
\par Additionally, you can select which of the asteroids and comets in the active file will be displayed. User the SELECT command to pick which one to hide and which to display.  You can also erase the current catalog of active comets and asteroids from this dialog. Finally, you can control whether the computed magnitude of the an active asteroid or comet will be used to determine whether or not the star map will display the object.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Compile command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ZIQSNM}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compiling data files}
\b Compile (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par Re-builds the binary versions of any of the following databases: 
\par \pard\tx3595\tx5485\tx5755 \tab Stars\tab -\tab (STAR.DAT)
\par \tab Deepsky Objects\tab -\tab (DEEPSKY.DAT)
\par \tab SAO Extensions\tab -\tab (SAO.DAT)
\par \tab Constellations\tab -\tab (CONSTELS.DAT)
\par \tab Const. Boundaries\tab -\tab (BOUNDS.DAT)
\par \tab Planets\tab -\tab (PLANETS.DAT)
\par \tab Comets\tab -\tab (COMETS.DAT)
\par \tab Asteroids\tab -\tab (ASTEROID.DAT)
\par \pard\tx1435\tx3235\tx3595 
\par Each of the above files are in a simple ASCII format,  each line is delimited with a CR and LF character.  You may modify these files to update any of the information for the particular class of objects.  Each file begins with a brief description of the format of the data that follows.  The length of each line must remain the same.
\par \pard\tx2605\tx3595 
\par WARNING: The data contained in these files is copyrighted.  You may not distribute this data in any form, EVEN if you have modified it.  Modifying any of the data may corrupt the integrity of the database.  You may consider adding new objects to the database, but, DO NOT modify the existing values unless you are sure that the new values are correct!.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Build Tables command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1XQ490F}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} building tables}
\b Build Tables (File menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Re-builds the files used for the Right Ascension and Declination crosses or circles.  This is useful only if the data files have been corrupted.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Preferences command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 74BL.O7}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} preferences}
\b Preferences (File menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Allows selection of user preferences, namely: \ul Tool Bar\plain\fs20 {\v 1MCZWB2}, \ul Status Bar\plain\fs20 {\v 15I7QI1}, and \ul Status Bar Setup\plain\fs20 {\v PN.OTJ}.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Exit command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J_LP.2}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} exit}
\b Exit command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to end your Autostar Suite session. Autostar Suite prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.
\par 
\par \b Shortcuts
\par \pard\sl235\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\fs20 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F4
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Toolbar command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MCZWB2}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} toolbar}
\b Toolbar command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Toolbar, which includes buttons for some of the most common commands in Autostar Suite, such as File Open.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Toolbar is displayed.
\par 
\par See \uldb Toolbar\plain\fs20 {\v 9O9DU4} for help on using the toolbar.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} toolbar}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9O9DU4}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} toolbar}
\b Toolbar\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl235\li715 \{bml bm1.BMP\}
\par \pard\sl235 
\par The toolbar is displayed across the top of the application window, below the menu bar.  The toolbar provides quick mouse access to many tools used in Autostar Suite,
\par 
\par To hide or display the Toolbar, choose Toolbar from the File:Preferences menu.
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\sl235\brdrb\brdrs\tx1075 \b Click\tab To\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl235\li1075\fi-1075\tx1075 \{bmc bm0.BMP\}\tab Open an existing image. Autostar Suite displays the Open dialog box, in which you can locate and open the desired file.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm2.BMP\}\tab Saves the currently opened image.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm3.BMP\}\tab Print the current Starmap.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm4.BMP\}\tab Toggles the Starmap on and off.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm5.BMP\}\tab Zooms in on the Starmap by a factor of 2. Holding down the Ctrl key changes the factor to 1.25.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm6.BMP\}\tab Zooms out on the Starmap by a factor of 2. Holding down the Ctrl key changes the factor to 1.25.
\par \pard\sl235\li1075\fi-1075\tx1075 
\par \{bmc bm7.BMP\}\tab Sets the Starmap viewpoint to the current zenith, sets the field of view to 180 degrees, and redraws the Starmap.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm8.BMP\}\tab Sets the Starmap viewpoint to what a ground based observer sees when facing north, sets the field of view to 90 degrees, enable Zenith Up mode and redraws the Starmap.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm9.BMP\}\tab Sets the Starmap viewpoint to what a ground based observer sees when facing south, sets the field of view to 90 degrees, enable Zenith Up mode and redraws the Starmap.
\par \pard\sl235\li1075\fi-1075\tx1075 
\par \{bmc bm10.BMP\}\tab Sets the Starmap viewpoint to what a ground based observer sees when facing east, sets the field of view to 90 degrees, enable Zenith Up mode and redraws the Starmap.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm11.BMP\}\tab Sets the Starmap viewpoint to what a ground based observer sees when facing west, sets the field of view to 90 degrees, enable Zenith Up mode and redraws the Starmap.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm12.BMP\}\tab Sets the Starmap viewpoint to the current zenith, sets the field of view to 90 degrees, enable Zenith Up mode and redraws the Starmap.
\par \pard\sl235\li1075\fi-1075\tx1075 
\par \{bmc bm13.BMP\}\tab Locks the  Starmap viewpoint on a specific azimuth and elevation as seen from a ground based observer. As time passes that apparent movement of the stars will be seen.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm14.BMP\}\tab When this button is in, all Starmaps will be drawn in Zenith Up mode. In this mode, the star map is oriented as it appears to ground based observers, or as seen by Alt/Az mounted telescope. When not in, the sky map is presented with the celestial pole up, or as seen through equatorially mounted telescopes.
\par \pard\sl235\li1075\fi-1075\tx1075 
\par \{bmc bm15.BMP\}\tab Toggles the Object group of options on and off.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm16.BMP\}\tab Toggles the Names group of options on and off.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm17.BMP\}\tab Toggles the Lines group of options on and off.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm18.BMP\}\tab Toggles the Other group of options on and off.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm19.BMP\}\tab Displays the Starmap Options dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm20.BMP\}\tab Displays the Object Selection dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm21.BMP\}\tab Displays the Telescope Control Panel.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm22.BMP\}\tab Displays the Autostar Suite Help functions.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Status Bar Command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15I7QI1}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} status bar}
\b Status Bar command (File menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which displays user selectable values that are updated automatically. A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Status Bar is displayed.
\par 
\par See \uldb Status Bar\plain\fs20 {\v 3397_GS} for help on using the status bar.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} status bar}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3397_GS}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} status bar}
\b Status Bar
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \{bml bm23.BMP\}
\par 
\par The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the Autostar Suite window.  To display or hide the status bar, use the Status Bar command in the File:Preferences menu.
\par 
\par The various fields displayed on the Status Bar can be selected using the \uldb Setup Status Bar\plain\fs20 {\v PN.OTJ} command from the File:Preferences menu.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Setup Status Bar command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PN.OTJ}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} setup status bar}
\b Setup Status Bar
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Setup Status Bar dialog allow you to selectively enable or disable a number of useful status fields.  The following tables describes the various fields:
\par 
\par \pard\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 \b\ul Field\tab Description\plain\ul\fs20 
\par \pard\sa115\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 \plain\fs20 
\par Date\tab Display the current Gregorian date.
\par Local Time\tab Displays the current local time or the current set time.
\par Mean Solar Time\tab Displays the Mean Solar time at the current location.
\par Universal Time\tab Display Universal time.
\par Local Sidereal Time\tab Displays the Sidereal time at the current location.
\par R.A. / x,y\tab Displays the Right Ascension value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the x and y coordinates when in an Image display.
\par Dec. / Dn\tab Displays the Declination value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the pixel value under the cursor when in an Image display.  The pixel value show both the 8 bit and 16 bit values simultaneously.
\par \pard\sa115\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 Alt. / Dist.\tab Displays the Altitude value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the Distance value if the Set Distance Reference is enabled.
\par Az. / Angle\tab Displays the Azimuth value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the Angle value if the Set Distance Reference is enabled in an Image display.
\par \pard\sl235\li2335\fi-2335\tx2065 
\par \pard\sl235\li2065\fi-2065\tx2065 NOTE: If all of the fields are enabled, you may not see every field if your screen resolution is to low.  Try selecting fewer fields or change to a higher screen resolution.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Time}
\pard\sb235\li355\fi-355 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} time overview}
\b Time
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Time functions allow you to set the time and date, display the current time in a variety of formats, and select the location from which you want to observe.  You may select a time and date anywhere from January 1, 4713 B.C. to December 31, 9999 A.D..  However, you would normally select dates that correspond to your planned observing sessions.
\par 
\par If you set a date or time, Autostar Suite 's internal clock is halted and all calculations will use your chosen time and date.  If you choose to use the system time, the internal clock will again begin running and will be accessed in real-time as the system requires.
\par \pard 
\par When Autostar Suite is communicating directly with an observatory, the observatory will provide an accurate time source for Universal Time (UT1).  When not connected, Universal Time is derived from the internal clock of the PC.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Time Display command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CAWHEJ}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} time display}
\b Time Display
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Time Display function displays a modeless dialog box that allows you to continuously monitor all of the current times required by Autostar Suite.  Since the Time Display is modeless, you may keep the display active while using other program functions.  The display can be disabled either by selecting the Time Display menu item, or by double clicking the left mouse button on the symbol in the upper left corner of the display.
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm24.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The first time display is that of the Local Solar Time for the currently selected location.  If Autostar Suite is not connected to an observatory, this value is derived from the internal clock of the PC.  The current status of daylight savings time is shown below the Local Solar display.
\par 
\par The Local Mean Solar Time is the actual local time based on the mean position of the sun.  This time, plus the value of the Equation of Time yields Local Apparent Solar Time, which is the time indicated by a sundial at the current location.
\par \pard 
\par The Universal Time display shows the value of the time at Greenwich, England.  This is the precise time used in all astronomical calculations.  The time returned from an observatory will be its current value of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) corrected for its position.  The corrected time is then called UT1.  Observatories near the United States will probably be using (UTC) derived from radio station WWV or WWVH (Hawaii).
\par 
\par If the Universal Time value reflects a time that is on a day different from the current local day, a warning is displayed below the display indicating that fact.  The message Next Day will be displayed if the UT day is greater than the current day, and Previous Day if it is less.  No message will be displayed if the UT and local days are the same.
\par \pard 
\par Finally, the Local Sidereal Time is shown.  This is the Local Apparent Sidereal Time for the current location.  Sidereal time is the Right Ascension of any object that is directly overhead (Zenith) at that instance.  Or to look at it another way, Sidereal Time is the time that has elapsed since the Vernal Equinox (or first point of Aries) has passed overhead.  The sidereal time must always be known when attempting to locate objects in the sky based only on their given coordinates.
\par \pard 
\par Below the time displays, the current Gregorian date is shown along with the current location and its coordinates.  These are shown merely for reference.
\par 
\par The Delta T value is displayed for reference.  This value is used when converting from Universal time (UT) to Barycentric Dynamical Time (TDB).  If you have set the current time and selected the Set Dynamical Time option, this value will be zero (0.0), otherwise it displays the number of seconds added to UT to produce TDB.
\par \pard 
\par The final values displayed are the Julian Date (JD  and the Julian Ephemeris Day (JDE).  The Julian date is the number of days, and fractional days, since January 1, 4713 B.C., at 12:00 Universal Time.  The Julian date is the current date on the Prime Meridian which runs through Greenwich, England and is therefore a function of the Universal Time (UT1).  JDE is the Julian date corrected by Delta T.  This value is used in all of the Ephemeris and Sidereal calculations.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Time Set Time and Date}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JLDSMN}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} setting time and date}
\b Set Time & Date
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Setting the current time and date can be accomplished in two different manners.  You may enter either the standard (Gregorian) time and date values or you may enter the full Julian date.  Either method is equally valid.  Once you specify a time and date, the internal Autostar Suite clock is frozen at your desired settings.  The internal clock runs only when you are using the system clock (either from the PC or the observatory).  To start the system clock, select either \ul Gregorian\plain\fs20 {\v 2HN7RYN} or \ul Julian\plain\fs20 {\v 3.ZSRQP} from the Set Time & Date menu and push the Use System Time & Date button.
\par \pard 
\par The entered value may also be used as the current Dynamical Time by selecting the Set As Dynamical Time button.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2HN7RYN}
\pard\li355 \b Gregorian
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Gregorian time and date format is the format that is normally used throughout the world.  It was established at noon on October 4, 1582 by Pope Gregory.  At that instance of time, the current Julian date was 2299160.0.  The very next instance became October 15, 1582 and the Julian date became 2299160.5.  This was done to correct for errors that had accumulated, since the previous calendar did not include leap years.  Pope Gregory's new calendar included an extra day every four years.  This is the calendar we still use today.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3.ZSRQP}
\pard\li355 \b Julian
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Julian calendar is merely a sequential count of the number of days since 1 January, 4713 B.C. (which is written 1 January, -4712).  This value is useful when calculating the Ephemeris data (the changing positions of the planets, comets, etc.).  Most technical almanacs, such as the Astronomical Almanac, exclusively use the Julian date when specifying a particular time and date.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Time Set Timezone}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CL1X9W}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} timezone}
\b Set Timezone
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Set Timezone function allows you to change the value for the timezone of the current location.  The Daylight Savings feature can also be enabled or disabled from this dialog box.  You should always set the timezone value correctly, then select Daylight Savings as appropriate.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Time Set Location}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1XC_E17}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} location}
\b Set Location
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Selecting the Set Location menu item displays a dialog box which allows you to pick an Observatory or City location from which  you will be observing.  You may either choose from a list of predefined locations or you may enter your own latitude and longitude coordinates.  If you enter your own coordinates (or modify predefined values) the Time Display will show User Specified Location instead of the actual location name.  This assures that only the predefined (and correct) coordinates are used if you are sending requests to an actual observatory.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm25.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par If you have entered your own coordinates or wish to change the status of Daylight Savings, you can access the Set Timezone dialog box directly by pushing the Set Timezone button.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Time Save Parameters}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 192JN0X}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} saving location parameters}
\b Save Parameters (Time menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Selecting the Save Parameters item from the Time menu allows to save the location, coordinates and timezone information in the EP2000.INI file.  This file is located in your current Windows directory.  This file contains information so that the next time you run Autostar Suite, it will begin with your desired values.
\par 
\par Note: Other Autostar Suite information is automatically added to the EP2000.INI file as the program runs.  The Save Parameters function only saves the location parameters, which are NOT saved by default.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ephemeris Overview}
\pard\sb235\li355\fi-355 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ephemeris overview}
\b Ephemeris\plain\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par The Ephemeris menu allows you to view the parameters of the ephemeral (changeable) objects in the Solar system.  The detailed parameters of each object can be viewed individually by selecting the object directly from the menu.
\par 
\par The values shown are a function of Autostar Suite 's current time value and the precision that is set in the Starmap menu.  All values are calculated using the accepted rigorous methods.  For the most accurate geocentric (Earth centered) values, choose the High precision mode.  By selecting the Topocentric precision mode, you will see the high precision values that are also corrected for the current location and elevation.
\par \pard 
\par NOTE: The accuracy of the minor planet database decreases as the time from the 'Epoch of Osculation' increases. Autostar Suite is shipped with the most current data available at the time of packaging, but due to variations in the supply of the product, you may receive data that is somewhat outdated.  For normal applications the values are acceptable for several years, but for extreme accuracy, the data may only suffice for several weeks or months.  For highly accurate applications contact Meade Instruments to obtain an updated database.  Normally, the new data is published every six months.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ephemeris Display}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CQXHHU}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ephemeris display}
\b Ephemeris Display
\par \plain\fs20 The Ephemeris display shows important information on the position, distance, phase, phase angle, etc., of the planets, asteroids, comets, and user planetoids.
\par 
\par \pard\qc\sb115 \{bmc bm26.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par \pard\sb115 An Ephemerides (a list of positions over time) can easily be produced by selecting the Build Ephemerides button then selecting the starting date, time, and the time between steps.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ephemeris Import}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _13ZIZ}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Ephemeris Import}
\b Import Active Comets and Asteroids
\par \plain\fs20 New comets are discovers frequently and asteroid orbits change over time due to the combined pull of planets, other asteroids and the force of solar radiation.  These commands allow you import orbital elements, downloaded from the Internet with the Autostar Updater Tool, directly into the program\'92s catalog of  active asteroids and comets. \fs24 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ephemeris Moon Calendar}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Q8W8WN}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} moon phase calendar}
\b\fs20 Moon Calendar (Ephemeris menu)
\par \plain\fs20 Displays a calendar for the current month.  The phase of the Moon at 0hr Universal Time is shown for each day.  The month and year values can be set to a specific date, hitting the Update button will draw the calendar for the new settings.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E24OF1}
\pard\sb115 \b Eclipse Calendars
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs20 Select either Total or Annular from the pop-up menu to display a window with a world map.  On these maps the ground tracks of eclipses through 2020 are display in blue. The date of the eclipse is shown over the ground tracks in red.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ephemeris Show Current Values}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16J1KUA}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} current ephemeris values}
\f2\b Show Current Values (Ephemeris menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Show Current Values command displays the current values of the variables used in all of the Ephemerides.  Occasionally, you may want to calculate your own ephemeris, instead of deriving all of these values, you can simply set the time and date to your requirements, then use these values.
\par 
\par All values used by Autostar Suite are derived by the rigorous methods as outlined in the Astronomical Almanac or in Jean Meeus's book Astronomical Algorithms (see the bibliography).  This assures exceedingly accurate and precise results.  These values displayed here are always shown to their full precision, independent of the setting of the Starmap Precision.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap overview}
\pard\sb235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} starmap}
\b Starmap
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Autostar Suite provides a highly detailed and extremely accurate map of the sky that includes stars, planets, galaxies, nebulas and other deepsky objects.  The map has a number of selectable options that allow you to generate the map in a way that best suits your needs.  Once you have configured the starmap to your requirements, you can generate a high quality hard copy version.
\par 
\par You can center the starmap on any star, deepsky object, or constellation you choose.  Or you can set the center coordinates to any Right Ascension and Declination values you desire.
\par \pard 
\par By selecting the Coordinates button in the Options dialog, you will enable the coordinate display window in the upper right corner of the Starmap window.  This will allow you to see the actual Right Ascension (R.A.) and Declination (Dec.) values at the current cursor position.  These values will update as you move the cursor over the Starmap window.  If you have selected the Set Distance Ref. function, the display will enlarge to also show the current distance from the reference point as you move the cursor.
\par \pard 
\par The starmap is normally drawn as a spherical projection.  That is, each object's position is calculated based on the current Zenith viewpoint and is then mapped, or projected, onto a sphere.  This results in a display that has the minimal amount of distortion around the point of interest, but, it is more computationally expensive than the flat polar or equatorial projections that are sometimes used.
\par 
\par All starmap plotting functions are implemented using 64 bit floating point numbers with 80 bit intermediate results.  This provides extremely accurate maps, even when the field of view is less than 0.00000001 degree.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} G7BIJP}
\pard\sb115 \b Map ON/OFF
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Toggles the starmap on or off.  The starmap can also be turned off by double clicking on the symbol in the upper left corner of the starmap window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7JEF42}
\pard\sb115 \b Previous View
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Redraws the starmap using the previous field of view and Zenith coordinates.  This is used as an 'Undo' function.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6Q8LZ8_}
\pard\sb115 \b Redraw
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Redraws the starmap.  Occasionally, other windows drawn over the starmap may corrupt a portion of the map, or leave some remnants over the starmap image.  The Redraw function clears the map and renders a new map using all of the current parameters.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Animate Starmap command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ISED8G}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} animation}
\b Animate Starmap
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Animate Starmap command allows you to redraw the ephemeral objects (Planets, Comets and Asteroids) in rapid succession while incrementing the date and time between each redraw.  A trail is left behind the object as it moves.
\par 
\par To begin animation, first select the Step Time and the units, either days, hours, minutes or seconds, then press the Start button.  The starmap will begin updating the positions of all the ephemeral objects that were selected in the Options dialog box.  While the animation is running you may change the step time or the units, or change the direction.  Pressing the Stop button halts the animation, leaving the trails displayed on the screen.  You may click on any of the trails to determine which object produced the trail.  Note that the position that will be displayed in Object Description dialog box will show the coordinates of the object at the current date and time, NOT the date and time of the position in the trail.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm27.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par 
\par The Reverse option allows you to clear the display, draw the objects in their normal starting positions, then begin animation from the last position calculated.  This is useful when looking for conjunctions or occultations.
\par 
\par You may also set the Autostar Suite time value to the time of the current animation step.  This allows you to 'freeze' the time of an event such as on occultation.  At anytime during the animation you may click on the Update Current Time button.  This will copy the displayed time value from the Animation dialog box into the system time value, just as though you had entered the time directly from the Set Time & Date function.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Viewpoint command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7NS9ZW}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} viewpoint}
\b Viewpoint
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Viewpoint command allows you to select what point in the sky will be the center of the display. When this command is selected, several sub choice are available:
\par 
\par \pard\li1975\fi-1975\tx1935 North\tab Show the sky as seen from the ground looking north.
\par South\tab Show the sky as seen from the ground looking south.
\par East\tab Show the sky as seen from the ground looking east.
\par West\tab Show the sky as seen from the ground looking west.
\par Zenith\tab Show the sky as seen from the ground looking straight up.
\par Custom\tab Bring up the Viewpoint Dialog.
\par 
\par \pard\tx1935 The Viewpoint dialog box allows you to set the current R.A. and Dec. values for the center of the Starmap display.  This value corresponds to the Zenith point (the point directly overhead) of the observer. Autostar Suite assumes that all coordinates are referenced to the equator and equinox of epoch J2000.0.
\par \pard\tx1935 
\par \pard\tx1935 If you already know the coordinates of the object, merely enter the Right Ascension in hours, minutes and seconds, and the Declination in degrees, minutes and seconds, then select the OK button.  If the Starmap is turned on, it will be redrawn with your coordinates at the center of the screen.  If the display is off, the zenith coordinates will be used when the map is turned on.
\par \pard\tx1935 
\par \pard\tx1935 If you want to see the sky as it appears at the current time, date and location that was previously entered, you must enter the current Sidereal time as the R.A. value and the location latitude as the Dec.  Additionally, the Epoch value should be set to the epoch of date.  This can be easily accomplished by selecting the Goto Current Zenith button.
\par \pard\tx1935 
\par \pard\tx1935 To maintain a consistent point of reference of celestial objects, a fixed reference frame must be established.  Currently there are two different reference systems in use: the Julian reference (FK5) and the Besselian reference (FK4).  The Julian system is based on a year that is exactly 365.25 days in length.  The Besselian system is based on the tropical year, which varies from year to year.  In 1984, the International Astronomical Union adopted the Julian system and established that the new standard reference (Epoch) will be called J2000.0.  J2000.0 begins on 2000 January 1, at 12:00 noon Dynamical Time (TD).
\par \pard\tx1935 
\par \pard\tx1935 To allow you to input coordinates from another epoch, such as B1950.0, that epoch value must be entered into the Epoch field.  To select the Besselian reference frame (FK4) select the FK4 (Fundamental Katalog 4) button, the Epoch field will then be set to B1950.0.  You may change the epoch year value, but the Besselian reference will be used instead of the Julian reference.  Selecting the FK5 (Fundamental Katalog 5) button sets the Epoch to J2000.0.  Again, you can change the year value, but the Julian reference will remain.
\par \pard\tx1935 
\par \pard\qc\tx1935 \{bmc bm28.BMP\}
\par \pard\tx1935 
\par \pard\tx1935 If you are entering star coordinates from a catalog other than one referenced to J2000.0, you should enter the appropriate reference frame, FK4 or FK5 and set the catalog's epoch value.  You should also enter the star's proper motion in both R.A. and Dec. to accurately locate the star.
\par \pard\tx1935 
\par \pard\tx1935 When the OK button is selected, all of the entered values will automatically be transformed from FK4 to FK5 if needed, then star's proper motion will be applied, then the coordinates will be precessed from the epoch year to J2000.0 .  If you redisplay the Set Viewpoint dialog box, you will see the epoch value reset to J2000.0 and the coordinates will now show their corrected J2000.0 positions.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Object Selection command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L2_M8U}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} objects}
\b Object Selection
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par Displays the Object Selection dialog box.  The Object Selection feature allows you to select an object from one of Autostar Suite 's catalogs or from one of the object databases  There are four major catalogs:
\par 
\par \pard\li2155 1) Messier
\par 2) NGC (New General Catalog)
\par 3) IC (Index Catalog of Nebula)
\par 4) SAO (Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory)
\par \pard 
\par The Messier catalog was originated by Charles Messier (1730-1817) as objects "to be avoided while seeking comets".  It contains some of the best galaxies, clusters and nebulas.  Messier objects are given names such as, M51 or M42.  Many Messier objects are frequently called out by their NGC designations which sometimes leads to confusion. Autostar Suite translates Messier designations into NGC, with the exception of M24 and M45 (The Pleiades) which do not exist in either the NGC or IC catalogs.
\par \pard 
\par The New General Catalog of Nebulae and Clusters of Stars was first compiled in 1888 by J.L.E Dreyer.  This catalog has been updated since its original publication and two subsequent Index Catalogs were produced.  Objects from the NGC catalog have names such as NGC 1984, while the Index Catalog objects use names such as IC 939.
\par 
\par The SAO star catalog contains position and other useful information on most of the known stars.  It was compiled by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory.  The standard version of the catalog shipped with Autostar Suite contains all stars down to magnitude 8.0, over 45,000.  If the SAO extensions are installed, you will have access to approximately 270,000 additional stars from magnitude 8.01 to beyond 9.5.
\par \pard 
\par In addition to the major catalogs, there are also a number of object databases:
\par \pard\li715\tx355  Solar system\tab \tab \tab  Named asteroids
\par  Comets\tab \tab \tab  Numbered asteroids
\par  Common stars\tab \tab  User objects
\par  Constellations\tab \tab  User planetoids
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 These databases allow you to select from a variety of objects.  The Asteroid database is quite large and may cause a delay while loading all of the names.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Pushing the Description button displays the Object Description dialog box that show all of the parameters of the selected object.  Pushing OK sets the Zenith coordinates to the position of the selected object.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Magnitudes command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10CL4FD}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} magnitude limiting}
\b Magnitudes
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Magnitudes dialog box allows you to set the range of object magnitudes that will be displayed by the Starmap.  The default values are -5.0 for the brightest objects and 22.00 for the dimmest.  All displayed objects are affected by these settings, with the exception of the Sun and Moon which are always shown if the Planets are enabled.
\par 
\par Many of the deepsky objects do not have assigned magnitudes, Autostar Suite defaults these objects to magnitude 22.00 when they are being displayed.
\par \pard 
\par Alternatively, you can check the Auto Contrast box.  When this box is check the range of magnitudes that are displayed depends on how wide the field of view is. In general, only brighter objects are displayed on larger fields of view to assure that the star mad does not become too cluttered to be useful. As you zoom further and the field narrows, fainter and fainter objects are revealed. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19HQ379}
\pard\sb115 \b Mirror
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Starmap Mirror function flips the display in either the Horizontal or Vertical direction.  This allows the map to be drawn to match the view that is seen through the telescope. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Zoom command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1RO_OLP}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} field of view;zoom}
\b Zoom
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The field of view shown by the starmap display is changed by using the Zoom dialog box.  The field of view may be entered in degrees, fractions of degrees, or by selecting one of the sky coverage buttons.
\par 
\par Since the size of the display window is variable, the map is scaled to include the selected field of view in the smaller of the x or y directions.  If you desire a precise indication of the field of view of the telescope, select the Telescope Fields item from the Options dialog box.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Hubble Guide Stars command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BK4NGG}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} guide star catalog}
\b Hubble Guide Star Catalog
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Autostar Suite can read the stars from the Space Telescope Science Institute's Guide Star Catalog (GSC) from either you computer\'92s CD-ROM, or if you installed the GSC to you hard disk, it may read it from there.  If the GSC is enabled, the SAO extension stars are automatically disabled.
\par 
\par The GSC is enabled by clicking on the Enable GSC checkbox.  The drive designator for the GSC Catalog also must be set so that the program can find the cataog.
\par \pard 
\par Since the GSC contains approximately 19,000,000 objects in over 5000 regions, it can increase the display time as fields of view become larger.  As a rule, Hubble guide stars are not plotted on fields of view larger than 22 degreees.\page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CDHQMV}
\pard \b Invert Screen Colors
\par 
\par \plain\fs20 Causes the Starmap display to be drawn with a white background and different object colors.  Useful for those who prefer a 'chart like' display.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Projections command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1GT_0T_}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} azimuthal equidistant projection;projections;spherical projection}
\b Projection
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Starmap is normally drawn in a \b Spherical\plain\fs20  projection.  That is, each point is calculated in X,Y, and Z then projected (mapped) onto a sphere.  This projection produces a display that has minimal distortion at the center of the display, independent of the actual position of the object on the celestial sphere.
\par 
\par The spherical projection requires a substantial amount of processor time to generate a map, but the final results far outweigh the small increase in display time.  Other simple projections are sometimes seen in other programs.  These are used to increase the apparent rendering time of the map, but they introduce significant amounts of distortion. Autostar Suite uses only the most accurate display techniques.
\par \pard 
\par A variant of the spherical projection is the \b Azimuthal Equidistant \plain\fs20 projection.  This projection differs from the spherical in that the Z coordinates of the point are projected onto a flat plane, rather than onto a sphere.  The resulting projection gives a more satisfactory display of the entire sky, especially near the horizon.  However, the objects at the center of the map are somewhat smaller than objects near the horizontal.  Use this projection when trying to find constellations or to orient yourself with the sky, but use the Spherical projection when zooming into a smaller area of the sky.
\par \pard 
\par The R.A., Dec. and Dist. values shown in the Coordinate Display are correct in either projection.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Precision command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ZQNW0N}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} precision}
\b Precision
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par To increase the display speed of the planets, comets and asteroids, the Precision menu allows you to choose the precision that best suits your requirements.  The lowest precision gives the fastest rendering time.  If you are interested in animating the motions of the all of the objects, choose the Low precision mode.  If you are animating only the comets or planets, the Medium mode will give positions that are very close to the actual positions, but will take slightly longer to calculate.  Finally, if you desire precision comparable to the Astronomical Almanac, choose the High mode.  This mode calculates values using the most rigorous forms of all the equations and corrections needed to accurately determine the objects position to sub-arcsecond accuracy.
\par \pard 
\par For the most accurate \b Geocentric\plain\fs20  (Earth centered) values, select the Geocentric option then choose the High precision mode.  By selecting the \b Topocentric\plain\fs20  precision mode, you will use the geocentric values that are also corrected for the current location and elevation.  This will give the values that pertain precisely to your selected location and time.
\par 
\par The precision setting will be reflected in the displayed values in the Ephemeris tables, and in the resulting Right Ascension and Declination values shown in the Object Selection dialog box.  \i Make sure you have selected the correct precision and reference before comparing the positions with published values!\plain\fs20 .
\par \pard 
\par The three precision settings (Low, Medium and High) correspond to the three basic position references, Geometric, Astrometric and Apparent.
\par 
\par The \b Geometric\plain\fs20  position (Low precision) is calculated without any of the corrections for the effects of light time, aberration, etc..  Additionally, the Geometric parameters are calculated at a lower precision to increase the speed of the calculations.
\par 
\par The \b Astrometric\plain\fs20  position (Medium precision) is first calculated to the full precision (J2000.0) Geometric values, then the correction for light time is added.  The Astrometric mode is used for comparing the positions of Pluto and the asteroids and comets with the position of the stars.  The Astronomical Almanac shows the positions of Pluto and the minor planets in the Astrometric Geocentric mode.
\par \pard 
\par The \b Apparent\plain\fs20  position  (High precision) mode starts with the high precision Geometric values, then corrects for the light time effect, aberration, precession, nutation in obliquity and nutation in longitude.  The positions are referenced to the Equinox and Equator of Date, not the standard reference of J2000.0.  The Astronomical Almanac show the positions of the planets in the Apparent, Geocentric mode.  For the current 'TRUE' positions of the objects use the Apparent, Topocentric mode.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Star Contrast & Brightness command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6THFL3}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contrast and brightness}
\b Star Contrast and Brightness
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The appearance of the Starmap can be altered to more closely match the view seen through the telescope or in a photograph.  This is accomplished by changing the Contrast and Brightness values.
\par 
\par The \b Contrast\plain\fs20  setting changes how the star sizes are chosen based on the star's magnitude.  A high Contrast setting causes a large change in size from one magnitude to the next, while a low value causes a small size change.  Setting the Contrast to 0 results in all stars appearing the same size.
\par \pard 
\par The \b Brightness\plain\fs20  setting determines the overall size of all of the stars.  A large value results in large stars, while a small value results in small ones.  Setting the Brightness to 0 results in all stars appearing as single points.
\par 
\par The \b Default\plain\fs20  button quickly sets both the Contrast and Brightness to values that are useful in most circumstances.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 46B1_ZK}
\pard\sb115 \b Reset Parameters
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Reset Parameters function sets all of the Starmap options, viewpoint, mirroring, and magnitude limits, to the initial default settings.  This is useful when a large number of specialized options have been chosen and you want to start a new display session from a known starting point.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starmap Utilities dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4COSNZP}
\pard\sb235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} centering objects;distance measurement;utilities}
\b Starmap Utilities
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Starmap Utilities dialog box is displayed by clicking the left mouse button anywhere on the Starmap display.  You would normally want to set the cursor over a particular object before clicking the button, but it is not required.
\par 
\par The top of the Starmap Utilities box displays the current coordinates of the mouse in (Right Ascension and Declination) at the time the button was pressed.  Below the coordinate display is a number of buttons that allow you to select the available functions.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm29.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par 
\par 
\par The \b Center Object\plain\fs20  feature resets the Zenith coordinates to the current mouse coordinates and re-draws the starmap.  This allows you to quickly center the display on the area, or object, that you choose.
\par 
\par \b Set Distance Reference\plain\fs20  enables the distance measuring feature and locks its starting point to the current coordinates of the cursor.  With distance measuring enabled, you will notice an additional field in the Coordinate display.  The Dist. field shows the angular distance in degrees, minutes and seconds from the starting point to the current position of the cursor.  As you move the cursor you will see a line drawn from the starting point to the current position of the cursor.  Clicking the left mouse button disables the distance measuring feature.
\par \pard 
\par \b Object Description\plain\fs20  attempts to find the object near the current mouse coordinates, and, if found, displays information describing the object.  If there are a number of objects very close together, it is recommended that you first Zoom into the area so that you can accurately locate the object.  If no object if found, a warning message is displayed.
\par 
\par The \b Add to User Data\plain\fs20  function appends a new entry onto the currently selected User Object file using the R.A. and Dec. values displayed at the top of the dialog box.  These values are the coordinates of the mouse when the dialog box was created, NOT the coordinates of the object that may be near this location.
\par \pard 
\par After the OK button is depressed, the current object file is opened for editing by the Windows Notepad program.  You must then add an unique object ID and a description to the new entry which appears at the bottom of the list.  The object ID should normally increment sequentially from the first entry,  but you may have another numbering scheme for your observing run.  The only restriction is that each of the IDs must be unique within a given user object file.
\par 
\par \b Slew Telescope\plain\fs20  sends a command to the scope which will send it to the current mouse coordinates.
\par \pard 
\par \b Sync Telescope \plain\fs20 synchronizes the telescope with the current mouse coordinates indicated in dialog window.
\par 
\par The \b Viewing Log\plain\fs20  function allow you to keep records of your viewing session.  Information about the object can be entered, as well as, data pertinent to the viewing session.  New entries are added to the end of the database.  If you have an image of the selected area of the sky, you can include its filename.  When the record is printed, the image will be printed next to the description.
\par \pard 
\par \b Show Image\plain\fs20 /\b Get DSS Image\plain\fs20  Autostar Suite has an extensive gallery of images of deep sky and solar system objects. If the object at the mouse coordinates has an image in the gallery, this button will display \'93Show Image\'94 and clicking on this button opens a window with the object image for viewing.
\par 
\par If Autostar Suite\'92s gallery does not contain an image of your object, the button will display \'93Get DSS Image\'94. Clicking on this buton will attempt to connect to the internet and retrieve an image from the Space Telescope Science Institudes Digitized Sky Survey.  The images in the DSS were taken with the Palomar Schmidt Camrera and UK-Schmidt camera.  After down loading the image will be displayed in a window over your starmap.
\par \pard 
\par \b Add to Tour \plain\fs20 creates an entry in a tour file for the object at the mouse cursor location.  This one click method allows anyone to create an Autostar Tour by clicking on a sequence of object to view in an evening.  Once you have added all desired object to your tour, you can download them into your Autostar by selecting the \uldb Autostar Updater\plain\fs20 {\v 2ACHF7K} menu.
\par 
\par \b Clear Tour \plain\fs20 begins a new Autostar Tour. Starting a new tour will erase any object you have previously included in the tour.  You will be prompted to confirm you clear operation in case you have clicked this button in error. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Telescope Protocol sub-menu}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9W7VQM}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} protocol}
\b Protocol (Telescope menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 There are several methods of communication between Autostar Suite and the telescope:
\par \pard\fi715 Via CommPort
\par Via Modem
\par Via Network
\par Via Remote Handbox
\par \pard 
\par In the first three modes you computer will automatically drive the telescope to any specified R.A. and Dec. coordinate. Autostar Suite supports many of the telescope's commands, but uses the programs values for R.A. and Dec. instead of the telescope's internal database when slewing to an object.  This provides the opportunity to access any custom object or sky location you choose.
\par 
\par The communications link is automatically started when the protocol is selected.  To terminate the link select the \b [none]\plain\fs20  option.
\par \pard 
\par \b Remote Handbox
\par \plain\fs20 It you use the Remote Handbox protocol you will get a dialog similar to the one shown in the figure below:
\par 
\par \{bmc bm30.BMP\}
\par 
\par This allows you access to all of the controls of the telescope as though you were holding its handcontroller.  To speed accessing Autostar menus, you can use the menu tree on the left side of the display to directly invoke a menu functions by double clicking it.  You may use your mouse to press the virtual buttons. Data entry can be performed directly from the keyboard using the numeric keys, arrows, backspace and enter.  The Esc key function as the mode key during keyboard entry.
\par \pard 
\par \b Telescope Speech Output
\par \plain\fs20 If you click the Enable Speech check box in the lower left for the dialog, everything displayed on the handbox will be spoken using the sound card on your PC.  The allows you to hear comentary on deepsky object and tours while lookling through the eye piece.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L44MS3}
\pard \b Scope Setup/Shutdown (Telescope menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Once communications have been established, two other menu options become available; the Meade Setup and Control Panel.\b  \plain\fs20 The \b Autostar Setup/Shutdown\plain\fs20  dialog box allows simple remote initialization or shutdown. Is also allows setting and reading of various parameters, such as time, date, location, etc.. These are much more easily entered from the PC rather than from the telescope's hand box.  In addition, the fan and field de-rotator can also be controlled.
\par \pard  
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm31.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WT7IWG}
\pard \b Hand Control Panel (Telescope menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The \b Hand Control Panel\plain\fs20  is a modeless dialog box that can be left on continuously.  It provides you with many of the features found on the handbox: slewing, slew speed, focusing, and focus speed.  
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm32.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par 
\par Check the LX200 user manual for the recommended serial port configuration.
\par 
\par WARNING: Use extreme caution when using the LX200 in the remote control mode. Autostar Suite cannot determine if there are any mechanical interferences that may develop as the telescope is moved, such as, a camera extending to far from the back of the telescope.  As a result, it is possible to move the telescope into positions that may cause serious damage to the equipment or personal physical injury!
\par \pard 
\par DO NOT MOVE THE TELESCOPE IN REMOTE CONTROL MODE WITHOUT A PERSON STANDING BY TO MANUALLY OVERRIDE THE REMOTE COMMAND IN THE EVENT THAT THE TELESCOPE BEGINS MOVING IN A MANNER THAT COULD CAUSE EQUIPMENT DAMAGE OR PERSONAL INJURY.  THIS CAN BE ACCOMPLISHED BY USING THE TELESCOPE'S KEYPAD OR BY REMOVING POWER TO THE TELESCOPE .
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Telescope Set Telescope Fields command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4K7V_VI}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} telescope fields}
\b Set Field Sizes (Telescope menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Set Field Sizes command displays the current sizes of the fields of view of both the guide scope and main telescope.  The fields may be either rectangular or circular; the sizes are degrees, minutes and seconds of arc.  The displayed values would be updated as soon as the communication to the observatory was established.  You may change these values as you wish to reflect your own equipment.  The values are saved between sessions so that you can plan your observing run without being connected to the telescope.
\par \pard 
\par The field sizes can be displayed as an overlay on the starmap by selecting the Telescope Fields entry in the Starmap, Options dialog box
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm33.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par By selecting either Circular or Rectangular the display will change from an X/Y entry mode to diameter entry mode as appropriate.
\par 
\par Default values for popular versions of Meade equipment can be automatically calculated by selecting the finder scope, telescope, and eyepiece, CCD, or camera.\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Telescope Auto Track command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .I8XMV}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} auto tracking}
\b AutoTrack (Telescope menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Auto Track command allows the Starmap to automatically track the position of the telescope.  The Starmap is redrawn to the current telescope coordinates when the telescope fields are near the edge of the display.
\par 
\par Note: When Auto Track is enabled it will not allow viewpoints to be set manually if they are not located near the current telescope position.\page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CGM6R9}
\pard \b Dome Control
\par \plain\fs20 The Autostar Suite Dome Control module, in conjunction with Meade\'92s Observatory Controller System, allows you to control you observatory structure from the Autostar Suite.  When you select this menu item, the Dome Control Module will be selected or opened. When selected, the dialog below appears:
\par 
\par \{bmc bm34.BMP\}
\par 
\par If your observatory is a roll off roof building, only the open an close shutter buttons operate. If you have a dome, the control allows you to manually slew the dome, returning to you the azimuth of the dome\'92s slit.  If you check the \i Track Scope\plain\fs20  control, the dome slit will automatically track where the telescope is pointing.  Additionally, the Dome Control can automatically generate a pointing log of the observing session.  Additional user programmable indicators and controls are included with the Observatory Control System. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2ACHF7K}
\pard \b Autostar Updater
\par 
\par \plain\fs20 The Autostar Updater Module allows you update Autostar firmware and to manage the object catalogs in your Autostar.  For complete help on this tool, click the help menu in this module.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EZIH9K}
\pard \b PEC Tool
\par 
\par \plain\fs20 The PEC Utility Tool allows you greater control over the Periodic Error Correction functions of your LX200GPS, LX200R, RCX400 or Max Mount telescope.
\par 
\par During PEC Training, small corrections made to keep a star precisely centered by a DSI, LPI or via hand controller inputs, are recorded and remembered by your telescope so that they may be automatically replayed by the SmartDrive\'99 system. After you have performed the PEC training procedure, the PEC Tool allows you to further refine the PE corrections made by SmartDrive.
\par \pard 
\par PEC Utility option is located in the AutoStar Suite telescope menu. When you select this menu item, the PEC Tool module will start and you will se a menu similar to the one shown below.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm35.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f0\b\fs24 Functions of the Buttons
\par \plain\fs20 During Periodic Error Correction, you will move the Autostar Arrow keys to keep a star centered in the crosshairs of a reticle eyepiece. After you have performed the PEC procedure, the PEC Utility tool allows to further tweak the corrections you have just made. The buttons and fields on the PEC Tool menu have the following functions:
\par \pard 
\par \b Comm Port\plain\fs20 : Connect the telescope to your PC using the supplied RS232 cable. Connect one end to one of your PC's serial ports and the other end to the RS232 port of your telescope's computer control panel. Enter the Comm port you have chosen in the Comm Port field.
\par 
\par \b Read from Scope\plain\fs20 : Press this button as the first step in the PEC Utility procedure. It reads the PEC data currently in your telescope and presents this information in an intuitive onscreen graph.
\par \pard 
\par \b Sharpening:\plain\fs20  The sharpening function makes the corrections you made with the Arrow keys be applied more aggressively while chasing small variations in the tracking.
\par 
\par \b Smoothing:\plain\fs20  The smoothing function makes the corrections you made with the Arrow keys be applied less aggressively while chasing small variations in tracking.
\par 
\par \b Scale\plain\fs20 : Smoothing tends to reduce the overall magnitude of the correction, so it may be useful to select the scale function to re-enlarge the correction magnitude after smoothing.
\par \pard 
\par \i Sharpening\plain\fs20  on the other hand, tends to increase the magnitude of the corrections applied. It may be useful to select the scale function to slightly reduce the correction magnitude after sharpening.
\par 
\par Before smoothing or sharpening, take note of the highest peak value on the graph. After you finish smoothing or sharpening, enter a number in the Fatcor box to rescale the graph back up to its highest peak. Hint: Enter a number between 1 and 2; e.g., 1.2.
\par 
\par \b Shifting the PEC\plain\fs20 : While using the Autostar handbox, you applied corrections with the Arrow keys after deviations were observed. That is, you would see a deviation and then correct it, a little late due to the lag between seeing and reacting by pushing an Arrow key.
\par \pard 
\par The "Shifting the PEC" now allows you to shift the corrections forwards or backwards to compensate for the time lag. Press the Right Bracket to move the corrections forward or the Left Bracket to move the corrections backwards.
\par Import from/Export to CSV: This allows you to import or export the PEC data to or from an Excel file. You may manipulate the data inside the Excel file, if so desired, and send it back to the PEC Utility.
\par 
\par This is also an excellent way to save your corrections for future sessions. Save the file in an Excel format for future reference.
\par \pard 
\par \b Send to Scope\plain\fs20 : Press this button as the last step in the PEC Utility procedure. This step sends the new PEC corrections that you have just made back to your telescope.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} F2IG1M}
\pard \b Communications (Telescope menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Autostar Suite can communicate with your telescope by a number of different methods. It can connect directly to a PC serial port with the suppled cable. It can also be configured to dial up a remotely located telescope via a dial-up modem.  It can connect to a remote or local telescope via any standard TCP/IP computer network.  Or it can allow you to use a virtual handbox for a locally connected or networked telescope.  The sub menus allow you select your connection method. \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Telescope:Communications Port Setup command}
\pard 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1JRRHFN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} port setup}
\b Port Setup (Telescope:Communications menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Port Setup command allows you to specify the parameters necessary to communicate the Autostar o your serial port.  You should attach your modem or telescope to one of the available serial ports that does not conflict with other devices attached to your computer, 
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm36.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The default configuration is 9600 baud, 8 databits, 1 stopbit, and no parity.  These settings will allow you communicate with Autostar telescopes.  
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 18ZJ99P}
\pard \b Start Network Telescope Server
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Network Telescope Server allows remote users to control your Autostar telescope and Envisage imagers over the internet or a local area network.  When you click on this menu the module will be opened or selected.  A dialog simiar to the one below will be displayed:
\par 
\par \{bmc bm37.BMP\}
\par 
\par When you check the \'93Server Net\'94 box, Autostar Suite stars monitoring the network for users running Autostar Suite application on a remote PC that wish to operate your telescope/observatory.  If one of them attempts a connection, they will be prompted for a password.  \i\b It is critical you configure your password\plain\fs20  if you intend to put your telescope on a network.  This is the only way to prevent unauthorized users from accessing and improperly using your equipment. 
\par \pard 
\par Once their access has been verified with by password, their connection will be completed and they will be able to operate the telescope from a copy of Autostar Suite running on a remote computer. 
\par 
\par Access to the telescope is vial a \'93TCP/IP Ports\'94. The default port range  is 5400 through 5410. This can be changed, this another way to imrpove the security of your telescope.  It also may be necessary to change the port the allow the telescope to be accessed behind some firewalls. If you are having difficulty, you should contact your network administrator for assistance in configuring the port.
\par \pard 
\par When you ckech the \'93Serve Web\'94 box, Autostar Suite starts its telescope web server.  This web server allows anyone with a Java enabled web browser to monitor, and with the correct passwords control your observatory.  This ability makes it easy to share your observatory without requiring remote users to install special software on their computers.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Telescope:Communications Test command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7HRN_M}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} comm. port testing}
\b Test (Telescope:Communications menu)
\par 
\par \plain\fs20 The Test command allows you to send and receive messages over the currently opened Comm. Port.  Data that is to be sent to the port is entered in the \b Command\plain\fs20  box at the top of the display.  Received data is shown in the \b Response\plain\fs20  box below.
\par 
\par Each time the \b Send Command\plain\fs20  button is pressed the entire Command data is sent.  The \b Clear\plain\fs20  button erases the contents of both edit boxes.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Night Vision command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ZGHSKL}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} night vision}
\b Night Vision (Options menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Night Vision command changes all of the standard system colors to shades of red to help maintain your eyes adaptation to the dark.  This is useful if you are using the program during actual observing session in the observatory or in the field.  After selecting this option you should also lower the brightness on your monitor.
\par 
\par The status of the night vision option is saved from session to session, remember to turn it off when you are using the program in normal lighting.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Starmap command}
\pard\sb115 \b  {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3Z3SZNL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} starmap options}
Starmap (Options menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The Options dialog box allows you to selectively enable a wide variety of features so that you can customize the starmap display.
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm38.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The Names option can only be enabled when the corresponding object has been selected.  The constellation names and lines may be enabled independently if desired.
\par 
\par The Default button sets all of the options to their original default values, The Clear button removes all of the selections.  This is useful when making major changes to the options.
\par 
\par When new objects are added, only the new items are redrawn on the existing starmap.  If an existing item is removed, the entire starmap is redrawn.
\par \pard 
\par Note: The options are organized in 4 groups.  These groups and be enabled or disabled independently by clicking on the appropriate buttons in the \ul Tool Bar\plain\fs20 {\v 9O9DU4}.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OHXCZJ}
\pard\sl235\tx2065 \b Deep Sky (Options menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Deep Sky dialog box allows selecting which object types to display.  You may select from the following choices:
\par \pard\sl235\li2065\tx2065 Galaxies
\par Open Clusters
\par Globular Clusters
\par Nebulae
\par Planetary Nebulae
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} T4KG1S}
\pard\sl235\tx2065 \b Lines (Options menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Lines dialog box allows you to choose the color for a variety of reference lines used on the Starmap display.
\par 
\par Note: Lines are drawn using only the 'pure' text colors, not the dithered ones.\page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6X7FEC}
\pard\sl235\tx2065 \b Names (Options menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Names dialog box allows you to choose the typeface, point size, and color of the names used on the Starmap display.
\par 
\par Note: Names are drawn using only the 'pure' text colors, not the dithered ones.\page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0M.IC7}
\pard\sl235\tx2065 \b Help Index command (Help menu)
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 \plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 Use this command to display the opening screen of Help.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instructions for using Autostar Suite and various types of reference information.  
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 Once you open Help, you can click the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1IWHSVS}
\pard\sl235 \b About command (Help menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of Autostar Suite.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .TG627}
\pard\sl235 \b Lock AzEl command (Starmap menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Use this command to lock the display on a specific Azimuth and Altitude as seen by a ground based observer.  When locked on a specific Az/El, the star will show their apparent motion across the sky as time elapses.  If connected to a telescope and the \'93Track Scope\'94 option is enabled, it will override this setting.\plain\f0\fs20  \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} U9O_.R}
\pard\sl235 \f2\b LPI Imaging
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command starts the Envisage module that allows you to control an imaging session using Meade\'92s LPI (lunar Planetary Imager). When the Envisage module has started, you should see an image similar to the one below:
\par 
\par              \{bmc bm39.BMP\}
\par 
\par For complete LPI operating instructions, see the LPI User\'92s manual stored in PDF format on your distribution CD-ROM.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4VO9SH}
\pard\sl235 \b DSI Imaging
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command starts the Envisage module that allows you to control an imaging session using Meade\'92s DSI or DSI II imagers. When the Envisage module has started, you should see an image similar to the one below:
\par 
\par                   \{bmc bm40.BMP\}
\par 
\par For complete DSI operating instructions, see the DSI User\'92s manual stored in PDF format on your distribution CD-ROM.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NJ3ELB}
\pard\sl235 \b PictorView Imaging
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command starts the PictorView module that allows you to control Meade\'92s Pictor 208XT, 216XT, 416XTE or 1616XTE family of imagers. When the PictorView module has started, you should see an image similar to the one below:
\par 
\par                \{bmc bm41.BMP\}
\par 
\par For complete DSI operating instructions, see the Pictor User\'92s manual. The manual can be found in the Meade/Manuals section in your Start menu.
\par \plain\f0\fs20  \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2JGEYLE}
\pard\sl235 \f2\b Pictor Autoguiding
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command starts the Pictor Autoguiding module that allows you to control Meade\'92s Pictor 208XT, 216XT as auto guiders. When the Pictor Autoguiding module has started, you should see an image similar to the one below:
\par 
\par                       \{bmc bm42.BMP\}
\par 
\par After you have connected to camera, you can use the buttons and controls to select a guide star and start and auto guiding session.
\par \plain\f0\fs20  \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} YWI0QR}
\pard\sl235 \f2\b Envisage Remote Control
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command starts the Envisage Remote Control module that allows you to remotely control Meade\'92s DSI, DSI II ad LPI imagers when running under Envisage on a remote PC. When the Remote Control module has started, you should see an image similar to the one below:
\par 
\par                 \{bmc bm43.BMP\}
\par 
\par \pard The Envisage uses an efficient protocol, to minimize network traffic when controlling an LPI, DSI or DSI II imager. The first step in remote imaging is to establish a connection. Enter the network name of the Host Computer in the \i Host\plain\fs20  field.  If you are using a non-standard port, you may need to change that as well. Once the Port and Host Name are correct, check the \i Connect\plain\fs20  box.  You now can control an imager talking to the Host PC.  You can change exposure times, start and stop imaging and preview live images to frame and focus.  
\par \pard 
\par When you are using Envisage Remote Control, the full resolution image data is being saved on the host PC.  At the end of your session, you will need to download the full resolution images over the network, before you can perform any post proce\plain\f0\fs20 ssing.
\par \pard\sl235 \f2 .
\par \plain\f0\fs20  \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1HBH6QO}
\pard\sl235 \f2\b Advanced Image Processing
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Selecting this menu item starts activates the \i\b Autostar Image Processing\plain\fs20  module. This module is a comprehensive tool for the post processing of astronomical and scientific images, and the pre-press preparation of astro images
\par 
\par          \{bmc bm44.BMP\}
\par 
\par For complete instructions on the Advanced Imaging Procssing module, see the PDF format manual on your Distribution CD-ROM
\par \plain\f0\fs20  \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3KSZCR}
\pard\sl235 \f2\b Zenith Up command (Starmap menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Use this command cauases the Starmap to be rotated so that Zenith is towards the top of the display.  When in this mode, the sky is presented as it appears to a ground based observer, or as it does through an Alt/Az mounted telescope. When not set, the Skymap is drawn celestial pole up. This is how the sky appears through and equatorially mounted telescope.\plain\f0\fs20  
\par }