{\rtf1\ansi\deff9
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}{\f2\fnil Courier New;}{\f3\fnil Symbol;}{\f4\fnil Times;}{\f5\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f6\fnil Courier;}{\f7\fnil Geneva;}{\f8\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss Helv;}{\f10\fnil MS Serif;}{\f11\fnil MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\fnil New York;}{\f13\fnil System;}{\f14\fnil Wingdings;}{\f15\fnil Tahoma;}{\f16\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f17\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f18\fnil Futuri;}{\f19\fnil LinePrinter;}{\f20\fnil Marlett;}{\f21\fnil Lucida Console;}{\f22\fnil Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f23\fnil Verdana;}{\f24\fnil Arial Black;}{\f25\fnil Comic Sans MS;}{\f26\fnil Impact;}{\f27\fnil Georgia;}{\f28\fnil Franklin Gothic Medium;}{\f29\fnil Palatino Linotype;}{\f30\fnil Trebuchet MS;}{\f31\fnil Webdings;}{\f32\fnil Estrangelo Edessa;}{\f33\fnil Gautami;}{\f34\fnil Latha;}{\f35\fnil Mangal;}{\f36\fnil MV Boli;}{\f37\fnil Raavi;}{\f38\fnil Shruti;}{\f39\fnil Tunga;}{\f40\fnil Sylfaen;}{\f41\fnil Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f42\fnil Allegro BT;}{\f43\fnil AvantGarde Bk BT;}{\f44\fnil Benguiat Bk BT;}{\f45\fnil BernhardFashion BT;}{\f46\fnil BernhardMod BT;}{\f47\fnil Bremen Bd BT;}{\f48\fnil Charlesworth;}{\f49\fnil CommonBullets;}{\f50\fnil CopprplGoth Bd BT;}{\f51\fnil Dauphin;}{\f52\fnil English111 Vivace BT;}{\f53\fnil FuturaBlack BT;}{\f54\fnil Futura Md BT;}{\f55\fnil Futura XBlk BT;}{\f56\fnil Futura Lt BT;}{\f57\fnil GoudyHandtooled BT;}{\f58\fnil GoudyOlSt BT;}{\f59\fnil Humanst521 BT;}{\f60\fnil Kabel Bk BT;}{\f61\fnil Kabel Ult BT;}{\f62\fnil Lithograph;}{\f63\fnil LithographLight;}{\f64\fnil MT Extra;}{\f65\fnil OzHandicraft BT;}{\f66\fnil PosterBodoni BT;}{\f67\fnil Serifa BT;}{\f68\fnil Serifa Th BT;}{\f69\fnil Souvenir Lt BT;}{\f70\fnil Staccato222 BT;}{\f71\fnil Swiss911 XCm BT;}{\f72\fnil TypoUpright BT;}{\f73\fnil WP Arabic Sihafa;}{\f74\fnil WP ArabicScript Sihafa;}{\f75\fnil WP BoxDrawing;}{\f76\fnil WP CyrillicA;}{\f77\fnil WP CyrillicB;}{\f78\fnil WP Greek Century;}{\f79\fnil WP Greek Courier;}{\f80\fnil WP Greek Helve;}{\f81\fnil WP Hebrew David;}{\f82\fnil WP IconicSymbolsA;}{\f83\fnil WP IconicSymbolsB;}{\f84\fnil WP Japanese;}{\f85\fnil WP MathA;}{\f86\fnil WP MathB;}{\f87\fnil WP MathExtendedA;}{\f88\fnil WP MathExtendedB;}{\f89\fnil WP MultinationalA Helve;}{\f90\fnil WP MultinationalB Helve;}{\f91\fnil WP MultinationalA Courier;}{\f92\fnil WP MultinationalB Courier;}{\f93\fnil WP MultinationalA Roman;}{\f94\fnil WP MultinationalB Roman;}{\f95\fnil WP Phonetic;}{\f96\fnil WP TypographicSymbols;}{\f97\fnil ZapfEllipt BT;}{\f98\fnil Zurich Ex BT;}{\f99\fnil Arial Narrow;}{\f100\fnil Garamond;}{\f101\fnil Bookman Old Style;}{\f102\fnil Monotype Sorts;}{\f103\fnil AvantGarde Md BT;}{\f104\fnil Book Antiqua;}{\f105\fnil Century Gothic;}{\f106\fnil Haettenschweiler;}{\f107\fnil Letter Gothic MT;}{\f108\fnil Century Schoolbook;}{\f109\fnil Times New Roman MT Extra Bold;}{\f110\fnil Vineta BT;}{\f111\fnil UniversalMath1 BT;}{\f112\fnil Technic;}{\f113\fnil TechnicLite;}{\f114\fnil TechnicBold;}{\f115\fnil Swis721 Lt BT;}{\f116\fnil Swis721 BlkOul BT;}{\f117\fnil Swis721 Blk BT;}{\f118\fnil Swis721 BT;}{\f119\fnil Swis721 LtEx BT;}{\f120\fnil Swis721 BlkEx BT;}{\f121\fnil Swis721 Ex BT;}{\f122\fnil Swis721 LtCn BT;}{\f123\fnil Swis721 BlkCn BT;}{\f124\fnil Swis721 Cn BT;}{\f125\fnil Swis721 BdCnOul BT;}{\f126\fnil Swis721 BdOul BT;}{\f127\fnil SuperFrench;}{\f128\fnil Stylus BT;}{\f129\fnil SansSerif;}{\f130\fnil Romantic;}{\f131\fnil PanRoman;}{\f132\fnil Monospac821 BT;}{\f133\fnil ISOCTEUR;}{\f134\fnil ISOCPEUR;}{\f135\fnil GDT;}{\f136\fnil EuroRoman;}{\f137\fnil Dutch801 Rm BT;}{\f138\fnil Dutch801 XBd BT;}{\f139\fnil CountryBlueprint;}{\f140\fnil CommercialScript BT;}{\f141\fnil CommercialPi BT;}{\f142\fnil CityBlueprint;}{\f143\fnil BankGothic Md BT;}{\f144\fnil BankGothic Lt BT;}{\f145\fnil QuickType;}{\f146\fnil QuickType Pi;}{\f147\fnil QuickType Condensed;}{\f148\fnil QuickType Mono;}{\f149\fnil Arial Special G1;}{\f150\fnil Arial Special G2;}{\f151\fnil Arial Narrow Special G1;}{\f152\fnil Arial Narrow Special G2;}{\f153\fnil Times New Roman Special G1;}{\f154\fnil Times New Roman Special G2;}{\f155\fnil Adolescence;}{\f156\fnil Banjoman Open Bold;}{\f157\fnil Bermuda Solid;}{\f158\fnil Creepy;}{\f159\fnil Curlz MT;}{\f160\fnil EraserDust;}{\f161\fnil Falstaff Festival MT;}{\f162\fnil Figaro MT;}{\f163\fnil Footlight MT Light;}{\f164\fnil KidTYPEPaint;}{\f165\fnil Mistral AV;}{\f166\fnil Orbus Multiserif;}{\f167\fnil Palace Script MT Semi Bold;}{\f168\fnil Plump MT;}{\f169\fnil Space Toaster;}{\f170\fnil Team MT;}{\f171\fnil Twentieth Century Poster1;}{\f172\fnil Wendy Medium;}{\f173\fnil Arial MT Condensed Light;}{\f174\fnil Futuri Condensed;}{\f175\fnil Times New Roman CE;}{\f176\fnil Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f177\fnil Times New Roman Greek;}{\f178\fnil Times New Roman Tur;}{\f179\froman Times New Roman Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{\fs48 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
\pard\qc\sl235 \f17\fs48\cf1 Meade Autostar Suite
\par \f16\fs32 Image Processing Software\fs48 
\par \pard\sl235 \plain\f8\fs16 
\par 
\par {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} M0NQWE}
 \f9\b\fs24 Autostar Suite IP Help Index\fs20 
\par \plain\f5\fs20 
\par \f9\b Commands
\par \pard\sl235\tx355 \plain\fs20 \tab \uldb File menu\plain\fs20 {\v 6XNXVL}
\par \tab \uldb View menu\plain\fs20 {\v 6Y3XP3}
\par \tab \uldb Tools menu\plain\fs20 {\v 6V_3A4}
\par \tab \uldb Process menu\plain\fs20 {\v 20X5_OX}
\par \tab \uldb Group menu\plain\fs20 {\v SRL36A}
\par \tab \uldb Options menu\plain\fs20 {\v FSZH3H}
\par \tab \uldb Help menu\plain\fs20 {\v 6XPTVW}
\par 
\par 
\par \b Utilities
\par \plain\fs20 \tab \uldb Tool Bar\plain\fs20 {\v 9O9DU4}
\par \tab Image \uldb Utilities\plain\fs20 {\v CDVCXT} dialog box
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6XNXVL}
\pard\sl235\tx355 \b File menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The File menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Open\plain\fs20 {\v J_VH7W}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Opens an existing image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Close\plain\fs20 {\v 17K6RWO}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Closes an opened image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Save Fits Image \plain\fs20 {\v 1L4SBWW}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Saves the image data file as a FITS standard file.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Export Display As\plain\fs20 {\v AAJOI}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Saves an the current display to an image format file.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Revert\plain\fs20 {\v 5CG._JW}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Re-opens the current image in it original state.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Print\plain\fs20 {\v 17X.LS3}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Prints the starmap in color or black and white.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Print Setup\plain\fs20 {\v BPU4SE}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Selects a printer and printer connection.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Page Setup\plain\fs20 {\v 1OJLE6S}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Selects page options such as, borders, margins, etc..
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1505\cellx8825\pard\intbl\sl235\tx355 \uldb Exit\plain\fs20 {\v J_LP.2}\tab 
\par\intbl \uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235\tx355 \plain\fs20 Exits Autostar Suite Image Processing.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\tx355 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6Y3XP3}
\pard\sl235 \b View Menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The View menu offers the following commands to manipulate the display of the image on the computer display. None of the commands under the View menu change the actual image data, they only alter the way it is displayed.: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Zoom\plain\fs20 {\v GVWAMS}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows the apparent size of the image to be altered.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Scale\plain\fs20 {\v 52DK8CU}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allow scaling the image in a variety of ways: Contrast, Brightness, Log, Exponential, Histogram Equalization, and Posterization.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Palettes\plain\fs20 {\v J7LCRZ}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows selection of various color palettes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Contour\plain\fs20 {\v OGCEU_}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows contour lines to be drawn over the current image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Blink Images\plain\fs20 {\v .HVCNA}\uldb  \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows two images to be compared by rapidly toggling the display between the two images.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6V_3A4}
\pard\sl235 \b Tools menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Tools menu contain commands that allow you to explore the information in and about your image.  None of the Tool commands change your actual image data.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2005\cellx8185\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Magnifier\plain\fs20 {\v 1Q9PKBD}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays the Magnifier.  This tool allows you to zoom into any area of the display.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2005\cellx8185\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Histogram\plain\fs20 {\v 1ZEJYBC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays the Histogram for the current image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2005\cellx8185\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Coordinates\plain\fs20 {\v RG64GG}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays the modeless Coordinates dialog box.  Useful for viewing the image data in various formats.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2005\cellx8185\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Information\plain\fs20 {\v 4DK58B}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays information about the current image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 20X5_OX}
\pard\sl235 \b Process Menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Process menu contain commands that alter the actual image data. These commands are used to calibrate, enhance and process image data.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Undo\plain\fs20 {\v 2616HW4}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Undoes the last image processing function.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Calibrate\plain\fs20 {\v 4KBMEUE}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows selection of a Bias Frame, Dark Frame, and Flat Field Frame, then automatically performs all of the steps necessary to calibrate the CCD Image.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Merge\plain\fs20 {\v 5OGYHV0}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows merging the currently opened image with another using a variety of functions, such as, Add, Subtract, And, Xor, Median Combine, etc.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Fix Column Defect\plain\fs20 {\v KX91MU}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Replaces defective imager columns with the average of adjacent columns.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Flip Image\plain\fs20 {\v 1RIH8LK}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Flips the current image about either the vertical or horizontal axes.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Rotate Image\plain\fs20 {\v 22R4UBX}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Rotates the image 90 degrees clockwise or counter-clockwise.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Resample\plain\fs20 {\v .0WY4Y}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Changes the actual size of the image to make it larger or smaller
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Convolution Filters\plain\fs20 {\v BNL6VX}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows various convolution filters to be applied to the image: Smoothing, Sharpening, Edge Enhancement, Edge Only, etc..
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Unsharp Masking\plain\fs20 {\v 10G_M99}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Improves the details visible in an image by utilizing a process known as Unsharp Masking.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Median Filter\plain\fs20 {\v K0Q2ZA}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Removes small defects from the image by passing a Median Filter over the data.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Fix Hot Pixels\plain\fs20 {\v P7G.SY}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Removes individual bright or hot pixels from the image caused by cosmic rays or other noise sources.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Fix Cold Pixels\plain\fs20 {\v LX6ABB}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Removes individual dim or pixels from the image caused by cosmic rays or other noise sources in calibration images.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Add Noise\plain\fs20 {\v 3Q0X.WX}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Adds uniform or gaussian noise to an image
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Add Stretch Image Data\plain\fs20 {\v DVDP05}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Transforms image data by applying linear, geometric, or log functions to the pixel data.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb RGB_Merge\plain\fs20 {\v 5780}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows full color images to be produced by merging three images.  Each taken through a Red, Green, and Blue filters, respectively.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SRL36A}
\pard\sl235 \b Group Menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Image menu offers the following commands: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Edit\plain\fs20 {\v 3CQKZG_}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows you to define a group of image files to processed in a single batch
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Copy\plain\fs20 {\v 2N9.ZH}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Copies the current group of images to a new group of image files, each named by prepending \f179 \'93\f9 COPU_OF_\f179 \'94\f9  the start of each image file name.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Examine\plain\fs20 {\v OWGE7L}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Allows you to cycle through display of all of the groups in the currently defined group.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Delete\plain\fs20 {\v 2N02VCE}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Deletes the currently defined group of images from the disk
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Calibrate\plain\fs20 {\v HFD0IC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Performs calibration on all the images in the group using the same calibration file values.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Align\plain\fs20 {\v 2N79S6N}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Aligns all of the images in the group.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Combine\plain\fs20 {\v 1R.LZP}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Merges all of the images in the group together into a single image using a variety of methods.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Filter\plain\fs20 {\v 1CMQ0KW}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Applies one of several image enhancement filters to the entire group.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Normalize\plain\fs20 {\v 2ND_1.}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Linearly rescales all images in the group such that their average intensities are 10,000 ADUs.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Fix Column\plain\fs20 {\v 1CN1TUQ}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Fixed a defective column in all images in the group.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1745\cellx7925\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Photometry\plain\fs20 {\v 2NF5YC}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Performs aperture photometric measurements on all images in the group, reporting results in columnar form.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Functions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FSZH3H}
\pard\sl235 \b Options menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1735\cellx7915\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Night Vision\plain\fs20 {\v 1ZGHSKL}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Toggles the display into the red Night Vision mode.  This is used to preserve your night vision when using the computer during an observing session.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1735\cellx7915\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Preferences\plain\fs20 {\v 7LUIAU}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \plain\fs20 Allows selection of various program options.\par\pard \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1735\cellx7915\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Grayscale Palette\plain\fs20 {\v NXI0H7}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Changes the display into a 16 color grayscale mode.(On Standard VGA Only)
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1735\cellx7915\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Standard Palette\plain\fs20 {\v 3XL8_ZX}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Changes the display into the standard 16 color mode (On Standard VGA only).
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6XPTVW}
\pard\sl235 \b Help menu commands\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1075\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb Index\plain\fs20 {\v 0M.IC7}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1075\cellx7255\pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \pard\intbl\sl235 \uldb About\plain\fs20 {\v 1IWHSVS}\uldb \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl235 \pard\intbl\sl235\li715\fi-715 \plain\fs20 Displays the version number of this application.
\par\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl235\li715\fi-715 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Open command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J_VH7W}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b Open command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to open an existing image in a new window.
\par 
\par \b Shortcuts
\par \pard\sl235\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\fs20 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc bm0.BMP\}
\par \pard\sl235\li355\tx1435 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3CEEVW5}
\pard\sl235 \b File Open dialog box
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The following options allow you to specify which file to open:
\par \pard\sb55\sl235 \b File Name
\par \pard\sl235\li355 \plain\fs20 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. 
\par \pard\sb55\sl235 \b List Files of Type
\par \pard\sl235\li355 \plain\fs20 Select the type of file you want to open:
\par \pard\li1435\fi-285\tx2155 \f17 FITS\tab - Flexible Information Transport System (8 bit,16 bit, or floating point grayscale)
\par TIFF\tab - Tagged Image File Format (16 bit grayscale)
\par BMP\tab - Windows Bitmap Format (8 bit grayscale/256 color, or 24 bit color)
\par LNX\tab - Spectra Source Lynxx format (12 bit grayscale)
\par ST4\tab - Santa Barbara Instrument Group (8 bit grayscale)
\par ST5\tab - Santa Barbara Instrument Group (12 bit grayscale)
\par ST6,7,8\tab - Santa Barbara Instrument Group (16 bit grayscale)
\par ARN\tab - Astronomical Research Network
\par \pard\li1435\fi-285\tx2155 IMG
\par IBG\tab - NASA Planetary Data System
\par IMQ
\par 08B\tab - Raw (8 bit grayscale).  Similar to ST4.
\par In addition, there is a RAW format for reading unknown image formats.
\par \pard\sb55\sl235\tx2155 \f9\b Drives
\par \pard\sl235\li355\tx2155 \plain\fs20 Select the drive in which Autostar Suite stores the file that you want to open. 
\par \pard\sb55\sl235\tx2155 \b Directories
\par \pard\sl235\li355\tx2155 \plain\fs20 Select the directory in which Autostar Suite IP stores the file that you want to open.
\par \pard\sl235\tx2155 
\par \pard\sl235\tx2155 
\par \pard\tx2155 \b See also
\par \pard\li715\tx2155 \uldb \plain\uldb\fs20 Prescale\plain\fs20 {\v 37YA0GT}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Prescaling 12 or 16 bit images}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 37YA0GT}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} prescale}
\b Prescale
\par 
\par 8 Bit versus 12 or 16 Bit Images
\par \plain\fs20 
\par When floating point, 12 or 16 bit images are loaded, they are first be compressed down to 8 bits (256 gray levels).  To prevent the loss of important data, Meade Autostar Suite IP automatically senses the larger data format and displays the \b Image Prescale\plain\fs20  dialog box, which allows either automatic or manual setting of the parameters used to compress the data into an 8 bit format.  This dialog box displays the histogram of the actual bit data in a large graph at the top and, at the bottom,  a smaller graph of the resulting data after compression.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm1.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par If an image is loaded in a larger bit format, a histogram is constructed that shows the distribution of the data contained in the image.  Normally the data is distributed in a rather narrow range of values which lends itself to scaling to the 8 bit format.  Once the histogram is constructed, the Threshold values of the data is calculated and are used to set the scaling range.    This gives a reasonable starting point for scaling most images.  The threshold values may be reset at any time by pressing the \b Threshold\plain\fs20  button.
\par \pard 
\par Since the data is not evenly distributed, some fine-tuning of the limits is usually needed.  This is accomplished by using one of the predefined scaling options or by moving the red markers located under the main histogram display.  Generally, the best images are obtained with the markers set just at the high and low edges of the important data.  Values that are above the upper marker result in pure white pixels, while those below result in pure black.
\par 
\par If the \b Std.\plain\fs20  \b Dev. \plain\fs20 button is depressed the Mean and Standard Deviation of the image are calculated.  The upper limit is set to the Mean plus 5 Standard Deviations, while the lower limit is set to the Mean minus 1 Standard Deviation.
\par \pard 
\par The \b Min Max\plain\fs20  button sets the pointers to the extreme minimum and maximum values contained in the image, while \b Full Scale\plain\fs20  sets the values to 0 and 65535 which are the minimum and maximum values possible in a 16 bit image.
\par 
\par If you are loading images from an RGB composite set of files, you may find it useful to use the same scaling values for each of the individual images.  This is easily accomplished by using the \b Use Previous Scale Values\plain\fs20  button located at the bottom the dialog box.  Since many astronomical images contain a large amount of red light, you may want to load the red image first, scale it properly, then use the same scaling values for both the green and blue images.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Save As command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AAJOI}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
\b Export Display As command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to save view on the Windows displays as a graphics image file. The program will display a save\b  \plain\fs20 dialog box so you can name your document.  \b Remember, the image saved is what currently appears on the display, this often means information is transformed or discarded from the original image in the final image
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Save As command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1L4SBWW}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files: managing}
Save Fits Image command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to save and name the active imnage data in 16 bit fits format.  Unlike the save function, which only saves the displayed portion of the image, this command will save the complete dynamic range of the image in a 16 bit file. .  Windows displays the \b Save Fits Image \plain\fs20 dialog box so you can name your document.  
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5CG._JW}
\pard\sl235 \b Revert (File menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Revert command re-opens the current image.  This can be useful when you wish to \uldb Prescale\plain\fs20 {\v 37YA0GT} a 12 or 16 bit image or just starting over after a series of image processing commands.\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Close command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17K6RWO}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} closing files}
\b Close command (File menu)\plain\fs20 
\par 
\par Use this command to close all windows containing the active image.  Autostar Suite IP suggests that you save changes to your image before you close it.  If you close an image without saving, you lose all changes made since the last time you saved it.  Before closing an untitled document, Autostar Suite IP displays the Save As Fits Image dialog and suggests that you name and save the image.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Print command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17X.LS3}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} printing starmaps}
\b Print command (File menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \pard The Print command allows you to make high quality hard copy versions of the currently displayed starmap.  Any selected options will also appear on the printed version.  The hard copy version is rendered to take full advantage of your printer.  The best results will be obtained by using a laser printer.
\par 
\par Due to variations in printers and in the vendor supplied printer drivers, the hard copy version will not exactly match the screen display.  Autostar Suite IP attempts to find the best fit with the given printer setup to preserve the screen view as much as possible.  You may choose to print the map in color or b/w.  If you print a color map on a black and white printer, you may get unexpected results.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Printer Setup command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BPU4SE}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} printer setup}
\b Printer Setup (File menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 Displays the Printer Setup dialog box which allows the selection of any of the currently installed printers.
\par 
\par By selecting the Setup button, the Setup dialog box for the current printer is displayed.  See the documentation for the currently selected printer for a description of this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Page Setup}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OJLE6S}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} page setup}
\b Page Setup (File menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 Displays the Page Setup dialog box which allows the selection of page layout options such as borders, margins, headers and footers.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Exit command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J_LP.2}
\pard {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} exit}
\f8 Exit command (File menu)
\par \pard\sl235 \f9 
\par Use this command to end your Autostar Suite IP session.  Autostar Suite IP prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.
\par \f8 
\par \f9\b Shortcuts
\par \pard\sl235\li1435\fi-1075\tx1435 \plain\fs20 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F4
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} toolbar}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9O9DU4}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} toolbar}
\b Toolbar\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl235\li715 \{bml bm2.BMP\}
\par \pard\sl235 
\par The toolbar is displayed across the top of the application window, below the menu bar.  The toolbar provides quick mouse access to many tools used in Autostar Suite IP,
\par 
\par To hide or display the Toolbar, choose Toolbar from the File:Preferences menu.
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\sl235\brdrb\brdrs\tx1075 \b Click\tab To\plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl235\li1075\fi-1075\tx1075 \{bmc bm0.BMP\}\tab Opens an existing image.  Autostar Suite IP displays the Open dialog box, in which you can locate and open the desired file.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm3.BMP\}\tab Saves the currently opened image.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm4.BMP\}\tab Print the current image.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm5.BMP\}\tab Zooms in on the Starmap by a factor of 1.5.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm6.BMP\}\tab Zooms out on the Starmap by a factor of 1.5.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm7.BMP\}\tab Displays the Calibrate dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm8.BMP\}\tab Displays the Merge dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm9.BMP\}\tab Displays the Palette dialog box.
\par \pard\sl235\li1075\fi-1075\tx1075 
\par \{bmc bm10.BMP\}\tab Displays the Convolution dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm11.BMP\}\tab Displays the Scale dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm12.BMP\}\tab Displays the Unsharp Masking dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm13.BMP\}\tab Displays the Blink comparator dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm14.BMP\}\tab Displays the Contour dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm15.BMP\}\tab Displays the Autostar Suite IP Help functions.
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Setup Status Bar command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7LUIAU}
\pard\sl235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} setup status bar}
\b Preference Dialog (Options Menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par The Preference dialog allow you to selectively enable or disable a number of features in the program..  The following tables describes the various fields:
\par 
\par The right half of the dialog controls image display options.  The following controls are present:
\par 
\par \pard\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 \b\ul Control\tab Description\plain\ul\fs20 
\par \pard\sa115\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 \plain\fs20 
\par Auto Contrast\tab When enabled, the program will automatically prescale images at load time using the method specified (Threshold, Std Dev, Min/Max). This makes it quick an easy to load an examine images. If you need to custom scale the image, you can then use the SCALE command or toolbar button to make fine adjustments.
\par Fit Window On Load\tab This option, when selected will automatically, zoom the image in or out on load so that it completely fills the display window.
\par Group Operation Overwrite\tab When selected, group operations that change the image file contents modify the files in the group. When this option is not set, a copy of the file is created with a name that shows the operations performed on the file..
\par \pard\sa115\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 24 Bit Color\tab Modern PC\f179 \'92\f9 s us displays that can display  more than 65000 color simulaneously.  Setting this option causes the program to take advantage of this capability when load and creating color images. When unchecked, the program is compatible with older 8 bit color systems and will map created color images into palettized 8 bit images.\b 
\par \pard\sl235\tx-5\tx2065 \plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl235\tx-5\tx2065 The right half of the Preference dialog allows you to enabled or disable fields on the status display bar at the bottom of the page.
\par \pard\sl235\tx-5\tx2065 
\par \pard\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 \b\ul Field\tab Description\plain\ul\fs20 
\par \pard\sa115\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 \plain\fs20 
\par Date\tab Display the current Gregorian date.
\par Local Time\tab Displays the current local time or the current set time.
\par x,y\tab Displays the Right Ascension value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the x and y coordinates when in an Image display.
\par Dn\tab Displays the Declination value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the pixel value under the cursor when in an Image display.  The pixel value show both the 8 bit and 16 bit values simultaneously.
\par \pard\sa115\sl235\li2245\fi-2245\tx-5\tx2065 Dist.\tab Displays the Altitude value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the Distance value if the Set Distance Reference is enabled.
\par Angle\tab Displays the Azimuth value of the mouse position when in the Starmap display, or the Angle value if the Set Distance Reference is enabled in an Image display.
\par \pard\sl235\li2335\fi-2335\tx2065 
\par \pard\sl235\li2065\fi-2065\tx2065 NOTE: If all of the fields are enabled, you may not see every field if your screen resolution is to low.  Try selecting fewer fields or change to a higher screen resolution.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Utilities dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CDVCXT}
\pard\sb235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cropping images;distance measurement;listing pixel values;photometry;profiles;RGB auto alignment;RGB gray balance}
\b Image Utilities
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The \b Image Utilities\plain\fs20  dialog box can be displayed by moving the cursor over the desired area of the current image and either clicking the \b left\plain\fs20  mouse button or by depressing the \b left\plain\fs20  mouse button, drawing a \b region selection rectangle\plain\fs20 , then releasing the button.  Clicking on a point in the image will enable the \b Set Distance Ref, Set Reference Magnitude, Determine Magnitude, Set Log File, or Edit Log File.\plain\fs20  functions, drawing a rectangle enables the\b  \plain\fs20 all of the other applicable image functions.  If the three RGB buffers are loaded, the \b RGB Auto Alignment\plain\fs20  and \b RGB Gray Balance\plain\fs20  functions will also be available after the rectangle is drawn.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm16.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par \b Region Selection Rectangle
\par \plain\fs20 The region cursor has three main components: the Magnitude/Centroid area, the Pixel list area, and the Profile line.  The Magnitude/Centroid rectangle bounds the entire area used in the magnitude and/or centroid calculations.  This area can be as large as the entire image if desired. Finally, the Profile line delineates the pixels that will be displayed when the \b Draw Line Profile\plain\fs20  function is selected.
\par 
\par \{bmc bm17.WMF\}
\par 
\par \pard The \b Utilities Dialog\plain\fs20  is displayed when the button is released. 
\par 
\par \pard The \b Set Distance Ref.\plain\fs20  function allows you to measure distances, in pixels, from one point in the image to another.  The image \b Coordinates\plain\fs20  display or \b Status Bar\plain\fs20  must be active to use this function.
\par 
\par Choosing this command, removes the dialog box, then draws a line from the distance reference point to the current cursor position.  As the cursor is moved, the current coordinates and the distance values will be continuously updated.  Clicking the \b left\plain\fs20  mouse button, turns-off the distance measuring feature.
\par \pard 
\par The \b Rescale Size\plain\fs20  command scales the image to approximately fill the current image window with the data contained within the previously drawn rectangle.  This command affects only the display of the image, not the actual data.
\par 
\par The \b Crop Image\plain\fs20  command removes the data outside of the rectangle, preserving only the data on the inside.  This command allows you to remove extraneous data from around the important part of your image.  Since this command physically changes the size of the image, any existing data contained in the buffers is destroyed.  After the cropping is completed, the new image is copied into Buffer A.
\par \pard 
\par See the \b RGB Merge\plain\fs20  command for a description of the \b RGB Auto Alignment\plain\fs20  and the \b RGB Gray Balance\plain\fs20  functions.
\par \pard\sb115 \b Set Log FIle
\par \pard \plain\fs20 This command allows you to name the file where tabular data is written by the program. The Log file can be used to save photometric measurments, lists of pixels from images and measurements information.
\par \pard\sb115 \b Set Reference Magnitude
\par \pard \plain\fs20 To calculate the magnitude of any object in the current image, you must first select an object whose magnitude is already known, set its value as the reference by selecting the \b Set Reference Magnitude\plain\fs20  function, then select the unknown object and choose the \b Determine Magnitude\plain\fs20  function.  You should pick a well defined object, such as a star, whose values are below the maximum set by the size of the data format, 255 for an 8 bit image, 4095 for a 12 bit image, and 65535 for a 16 bit image.  A warning message will be displayed if the selected region contains any pixels that are at the maximum.  Erroneous values will result if you use objects that contain these pixel values since the actual brightness of these pixels in unknown. The dialog that appears when setting a reference magnitude is shown below:
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm18.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par All magnitude calculations in Meade Autostar Suite IP are computed using aperture phtotometry. In this method, the energy with a fixed user settable aperture is computed, from this value, the sky background energy is subtracted.  The sky background energy is computed using a annulus around the target whose outer diameter can also be specified.  When setting a reference magnitude and determining magnitude the same aperture and annulus should be used. A typical result dialog is shown below:
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm19.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par Using the previously set value of the reference magnitude, the \b Determine Magnitude\plain\fs20  calculates the total energy as in the \b Set Reference Magnitude\plain\fs20  command, but displays the magnitude of the currently selected region defined by the following equation:
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm20.WMF\}
\par \pard 
\par Where,
\par     RefMag is the previously set reference magnitude
\par     RefTotal is the total energy in the reference region
\par     and Total is the total energy in the currently selected region.
\par 
\par If you checked auto loggging when setting the reference magnitude, every determined magnitude will automatically be written to the log file. If you did not select auto logging, you still can write a result to the log by clicking on the \b Log\plain\f8\fs20 button.
\par 
\par \f9 To perform photometry, draw a box around the area, or simply click on th object. 
\par \pard 
\par \b Image Statistics
\par \plain\fs20 If you draw a box around an object or area, the Image Statistics button will show you some key measurements on the selected area of the image. When you complete drawing the following dialog appears.
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm21.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par It shows the centroid, average and standard of deviation of the area, count, FWHM and energy of the region..
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\sb115 \b Find Centroid
\par \pard \plain\fs20 The \b Find Centroid\plain\fs20  function is similar to the magnitude functions except that it displays only the centroid data for the selected region.  This command is used when determining the exact positions of objects for use in astrometric applications.
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\sb115 \b Draw Profile
\par \pard \plain\fs20 The diagonal line drawn through the Photometry Cursor indicates which pixels will be graphed by the \b Draw Profile\plain\fs20  command.  When this function is selected, a linearly scaled graph will be drawn which is automatically scaled to display the entire range of the pixel values along the line.  The left side of the graph displays the pixels values at the start of the cursor box.  Since you may draw the box in any orientation, you must keep track of the starting point.
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm22.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The profile graph is useful for viewing spectrographic data, or for viewing trends in the data, such as limb darkening in a planetary image.  In addition to ploting the pixel along the profile line, you can also use the control in the dialog to plot the sum of each column or each row.  The \b Used Scaled Values\plain\fs20  dialog determines whether the 8 bit scaled data is used for the plot or, when not checked, whether actual pixel vales are used.  The spectra type display on the bottom us useful in visually seeing the density along a profile.  A button is provided to write the numeric results to a text file for processing with external spread sheets or other tools.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\sb115 \b List Pixel Values
\par \pard \plain\fs20 The \b List Pixel Values\plain\fs20  function displays the values of the pixels contained within the smaller box located in one corner of the overall cursor rectangle.  
\par 
\par As in the \b Coordinate Display\plain\fs20 , the pixel values are displayed. Buttons are provided to allow you to write the table of values out to the log file. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Process Overview}
\pard\sb235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Process overview}
\b Process
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The Image formatting section allows you to modify the image data in a number of ways.  You can lighten or darken an image, change its contrast, or run a number of sophisticated image processing functions to bring out or suppress subtle details contained in the image.
\par 
\par To access the commands you can either click on the Image File on the Menu Bar with the mouse, use the Alt key and the appropriate underlined letter from the keyboard, or, when available, click on the appropriate button from the Tool Bar.
\par \pard 
\par Many of the image processing functions also allow for a preview so that you have the option to choose a different variation of the function , choose OK, or to Cancel the function.  The functions that offer the Preview option are: Merge, Scale, Convolution, Unsharp Masking, and RGB merge.
\par 
\par Descriptions of the Image file commands from the Menu Bar appear below. The icon from the appropriate button from the Tool Bar also appears next to the description for your reference.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Undo command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2616HW4}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} undo}
\b Undo (Process menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 Resets the image variables to their previous values and re-displays the image.  You can only 'Undo' the last operation that affected the image.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Calibrate command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4KBMEUE}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} calibrating images}
\b Calibrate (Process menu)
\par \pard\tx355 \plain\fs20 Select Bias Frames, Dark Frames, or Flat Field Frames for calibrating the image that is currently loaded and displayed. Each of the three calibration types can be used singly or in combination.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm7.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Merge command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5OGYHV0}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} merging images}
\b Merge (Process menu)
\par \plain\fs20 The Merge Image command allows you to select an image from the Merge File to perform a Merge Function. You can select; Add, Subtract, Average, Median Combine, Multiply, Divide, Minimum, Maximum, And, Or, and Exclusive Or functions. There is also the option to select x/y offsets, and Scale Factors of the Image File and Merge File. (For a straight add or subtract both of these Scale Factor values should be set to 1.0).
\par \pard\tx355 \f8 
\par 
\par \f9\b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm8.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Palettes command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J7LCRZ}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} palette selection}
\b Palettes (View menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b Palettes\plain\fs20  dialog box allows you to modify the original palette of the image or to change the palette to completely different sets of colors
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm23.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The pushbuttons at the top of the dialog box loads a new palette and resets the positions of the Start Color and Width scroll bars.
\par 
\par The \b Original\plain\fs20  button resets the palette to the values that were contained in the original image
\par 
\par The \b 16 Color\plain\fs20  button loads the standard 16 colors into the palette.  This is useful on VGA systems that are running in 16 color mode.  The normal hardware palette values in VGA only support 3 shades of gray, but,  by using the \b 16 Color\plain\fs20  palette and selecting the \b Grayscale Palette\plain\fs20  from the \b Options\plain\fs20  menu,  a full grayscale of 16 colors can be used.  This option changes ALL colors on the display (including all other windows) while in a standard VGA 16 color mode!
\par \pard 
\par The \b 16 Spectrum\plain\fs20  button builds a set of 16 colors that smoothly transition from Black, Blue, Green, Red and ending with White.  The appearance of this palette varies depending on the current video driver.
\par 
\par The \b 256 Gray\plain\fs20  button constructs a unique grayscale palette that emulates a full 256 color grayscale.  The standard Extended or Super VGA 256 color modes only support 64 different shades of gray.  Using this new palette results in a smoother image compared to the 64 shades palette.  This is accomplished by using color values that vary slightly from the pure gray colors.  These off-color values are used to fill-in the steps between the 64 pure gray values.  If the \b Night Vision\plain\fs20  feature is active the \b 256 Gray\plain\fs20  button becomes \b 256 Red\plain\fs20  which allows the image to be displayed in red to preserve your night vision.
\par \pard 
\par The \b 256 Spectrum\plain\fs20  button constructs a 256 color palette that smoothly transitions from Black, Blue, Green, Red and ends with White.  This palette is especially useful for bringing out subtle detail in the image.
\par 
\par \i NOTE: The 256 color palettes, when used in a 16 color mode, will display dithered colors that approximate the actual values.  Their appearance in the image may differ greatly depending on the 16 color driver that is currently in use.
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Red, Green, Blue, and Yellow buttons construct single color pallet that terminate in white.
\par \pard 
\par The Pseudo button constructs a pallet that contains red, green, and blue values for a generic 8 bit color image.
\par 
\par \pard There are two scroll bars on either side of the palette display.  The uppermost scroll bar changes the starting color of the palette, while the lower one changes the width of the palette.  Moving the upper scroll bar to the right has the effect of shifting the colors to the right,  moving to the left moves the colors to the left.  The lower scroll bar allows the current palette values to be expanded or compressed.  Moving the lower scroll bar to the right expands the color palette, moving it to the left, compresses it and allows up to 5 cycles of the palette.
\par \pard\tx355 \i 
\par NOTE: If the palette has been inverted using the \b Invert\plain\i\fs20  button, the action of these buttons may appear reversed.
\par \plain\fs20 
\par 
\par The \b Invert\plain\fs20  button swaps the colors in the palette end-for-end.  This is useful when displaying negative images (those that appear as dark subjects on a light background).  The button text changes to \b Revert\plain\fs20  to indicate that the displayed palette is reversed.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm9.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Scale command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 52DK8CU}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} scaling images}
\b Scale (View menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b Scale\plain\fs20  dialog allows you to modify the contrast and brightness of the image in a variety of ways.  Your control of the image's appearance can be as simple as a straight linear scaling or as complex as Histogram Equalization.
\par 
\par When a new image is loaded, the values in this dialog box are reset to their defaults.  This allows you to initially view the image in its un-altered state.
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm24.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par 
\par The graph displays the transformation that will be applied to the image values when the \b OK\plain\fs20  button is depressed.  The horizontal axis represents the input values to the transformation, while the vertical axis represents the resulting values.  Each axis is drawn to reflect the values of the current palette.  With the normal \b Linear\plain\fs20  transformation each input pixel corresponds to exactly the same output value, but only when Contrast = 1.0 and Brightness = 0.
\par \pard 
\par You can think of the \b Contrast\plain\fs20  and \b Brightness\plain\fs20  controls as the variables M and B in the equation of a straight line,
\par \pard\tx355 \tab \tab \tab \tab \{bmc bm25.WMF\}
\par 
\par where X is the input value, M is the slope of the line, B is the zero offset and Y is the resulting value.  By varying the \b Contrast\plain\fs20  control you can actually see the slope of the line changing.  A steep slope results in an image that quickly varies from black to white (high contrast), while a shallow slope (less than 1.0) produces an image which is made up mainly of gray values.  Setting the \b Contrast\plain\fs20  to a negative value produces a negative image.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par Setting the \b Brightness\plain\fs20  control to values greater than zero brightens the image, while values less than zero will darken it.  Generally, you must use both the contrast and brightness controls together to achieve the desired results.
\par 
\par The \b Linear\plain\fs20  function sets a straight line transformation that resets the contrast and brightness values to 1.0 and 0.0 respectively.
\par 
\par The \b Dynamic\plain\fs20  function analyzes the image for its lightest and darkest values (excluding pure black and white) then sets up a linear transformation with the contrast and brightness adjusted to provide a full range image.  This is useful on images that are over or underexposed, or those that have poor contrast.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par The \b Exponential\plain\fs20  function sets a non-linear transformation and resets both contrast and brightness.  The resulting exponential curve produces images that have lower contrast in the dark areas and higher contrast in the light areas.  This is useful for bringing out detail in the central regions of galaxies or nebulae.
\par 
\par The \b Logarithmic\plain\fs20  function produces a curve that is the inverse of the \b Exponential\plain\fs20 . It increases the contrast in the dark areas while lowering it in the bright areas.  This helps to enhance the detail in the faint arms of a galaxy.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par The most complex transformation is \b Histogram Equalization\plain\fs20 .  Its purpose is to construct a transformation curve that shows the maximum amount of detail in the image in all areas.  This is accomplished by building a Histogram of the image (counting the number of pixels at each brightness level), then constructing a curve that tries to equalize the number of pixels in each of the resulting brightness levels.
\par 
\par The maximum number of resulting levels can be set using the scroll bar, a greater number of steps generally produces a smoother image.  This value must be set before the \b Histogram Equalization\plain\fs20  button is pressed.  The maximum value is seldom reached since the equalization process greatly reduces the number of initial gray levels.  The default value of 128 is useful in the majority of cases since most images tend to equalize to fewer than 64 steps.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \b Histogram Equalization\plain\fs20  is useful in almost all images, but remember that the resulting curve is far from linear, so that further quantitative analysis (e.g., Magnitude determination) is impossible.
\par 
\par The \b Posterize\plain\fs20  function produces a stair stepped curve that can reduce the number of displayed values to the predefined settings.  By setting the number of steps with the scroll bar, depressing the \b Posterize\plain\fs20  button displays the resulting curve and resets the contrast and brightness values.  This feature is most useful for delineating areas of similar brightness to enhance the overall shape of an object such as a comet or nebula.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 Before committing to the scaling function that you have selected, you can Preview the image by pressing the Preview button, you then have the option to select OK , Cancel , or try another  scaling function.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 
\par \pard\tx355 \b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm11.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Convolution command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BNL6VX}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} convolution}
\b Convolution (Process menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b Convolution\plain\fs20  dialog box displays the kernel values of the current convolution filter and allows you to select from a list of pre-defined kernels or to enter your own values.  See the Appendix for a description of image convolution.
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm26.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par 
\par The \b Normal\plain\fs20  button constructs a filter that does not alter the original image when the convolution process is started.  This allows you to reset the kernel to a normal starting point when you are constructing your own kernels.
\par 
\par The \b Smooth\plain\fs20  button builds a kernel that subtly blurs the image, reducing the effect of any noise that may be present in the image.  Lowering the value of the center number in the kernel increases the smoothing effect.  While increasing the value reduces the effect.
\par \pard 
\par The \b Sharpen\plain\fs20  button is useful in bringing out the details in images that originally appear somewhat blurred.  This effect is different than \b Unsharp Masking,\plain\fs20  but can appear similar in some images.
\par 
\par The \b Edge Enhance\plain\fs20  and \b Edge Only\plain\fs20  kernels are quite similar except for the value at the center of the kernel.  Their effect is to enhance the appearance of any edges (transitions) from light to dark.  The \b Edge Enhance\plain\fs20  maintains the overall appearance of the image, but modifies the edges, while the \b Edge Only\plain\fs20  filter displays only the edge modifications.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par The \b Average\plain\fs20  button merely sets all of the kernel values to 1.0 resulting in a 5x5 pixel average (blurring) of the image.  The \b Clear\plain\fs20  button sets all the values to 0.0.  This can be used to set the starting values in your own custom filter.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm10.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Median Filter command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K0Q2ZA}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} median filter}
\b Median Filter (Process menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 Useful for removing hot and cold pixels, random noise, and some column defects. Works on single pixel artifacts.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Unsharp Masking command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10G_M99}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} unsharp masking}
\b Unsharp masking (Process menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 This powerful command allows you to bring out the subtle detail that is normally not visible in the unprocessed image.  When this command is selected, the \b Unsharp Masking\plain\fs20  dialog box is displayed.  This allows you to set the region size used to produce the blurred unsharp mask.  The larger the region size, the more unsharp (blurrier) the resulting mask becomes.  This allows details smaller than the region to be enhanced after the mask and the image are merged.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par You can try other values for the \b Scale Factors\plain\fs20  to increase or decrease the effect of the unsharp masking technique.  The only requirement is that the value for the image must be 1 greater than the value for the mask.  Try values such as: 5,4 or 6,5 to increase the effect, or 2,1 to decrease the effect.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm12.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Blink command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .HVCNA}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} blinking images}
\b Blink (View menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b Blink \plain\fs20 command allows you to easily detect differences between two images by rapidly displaying first the image, then the other image.  When the command is first executed, it first displays each of the images and saves a special copy of each image in memory.  It then begins a high-speed toggle of the images using the special copies.  The command may be terminated at any time by hitting the Stop button.
\par 
\par This command is especially useful for detecting changes in brightness or position of objects from one image to the next.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par To use, load an image from the Open command from the File menu then choose the Blink command from the Image menu. Load  the image to be blinked from the Select File option and click on Start. You can then control  the Offset Adjust (x/y position of the two images) and the Rate Adjust (blinking speed) in real time.
\par 
\par Note: The images can be of different size images of different orientation.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm13.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image RGB Merge command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5780}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} rgb merging}
\b RGB Merge (Process menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b RGB Merge\plain\fs20  command produces a full color image by combining three separate grayscale images, one exposed through a red filter, another exposed through a green filter, and the last exposed through a blue filter   This is accomplished by either directly generating 24 bit color images on most displays or by analyzing all of the possible colors in the image, then using a proprietary algorithm to choose the best colors to take full advantage of the 256 color system palette.
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm27.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The \b RGB Merge\plain\fs20  command also allows you to modify the color balance of the final color image.  Increasing the scale factor for an individual color, increases the intensity of that color in the resulting image, decreasing the scale factor decreases the overall intensity of that color in the image.
\par 
\par Each of the scale factors can be used separately or together to achieve any desired color balance.  For example, if the resulting image is too magenta, you might try lowering BOTH the red and blue scale factors, or you may try increasing the green scale factor to achieve the same effect.
\par \pard 
\par The scale factors may also be automatically determined by using the \b RGB Gray Balance\plain\fs20  function from the \b Image Utilities\plain\fs20  dialog box.  To automatically balance the colors in the image, first locate an area in the image that should be white, or any neutral gray value such as a medium brightness star.  Then draw a box around the object by depressing the \b left\plain\fs20  mouse button and dragging the box to the desired size.  When the button is released, the \b Image Utilities\plain\fs20  dialog box will be displayed.  If all three RGB buffers contain valid images, the \b RGB Gray Balance\plain\fs20  item will be enabled.  Upon selecting the \b RGB Gray Balance\plain\fs20  function, the scale factors for each color will be determined and will automatically merge the buffers to produce a new image.  The resulting image will show your selected object as a shade of gray.
\par \pard 
\par If you are generating 8 bit color images, the \b Quantum Level\plain\fs20  field allows you to influence the behavior of the color selection algorithm.  If the resulting image contains a very large number of colors, lowering the Quantum Level decreases the number of resulting colors.  Similarly, raising the value increases the number of colors, up to the maximum number of colors contained in the image.  When the number of colors found in the resulting image closely matches the number of colors used in the image, you will notice a marked increase in the speed of the merging process.
\par \pard 
\par When the command is complete, the number of colors that were found and the number of colors used in the resulting image are displayed.  You should modify the number of Quantum Levels (in the RGB Merge dialog box) so that the two values are fairly close together.  Generally, finding 300 to 400 colors results in the best image.  Using a large number of colors results in an image that has a very small change in colors,  using fewer colors increases the color differences seen in the image
\par \pard 
\par The resulting color image has its own unique palette, subsequent image processing, such as scaling, generally gives poor results.  You should first scale the individual red, green, or blue grayscale images, then combine them using the \b RGB Merge\plain\fs20  command.
\par 
\par To preserve the color palette, the color image must be saved in the BMP format.
\par 
\par Frequently, many composite RGB images are not perfectly registered, the telescope may have moved between the exposures.  This results in one or more of the images being offset from the other images.  The Offsets the X (horizontal) direction or the Y (vertical) direction one pixel at a time for each of the Red, Green, and Blue image files.
\par \pard 
\par After the image is first merged, you should examine some prominent part of the image using the \b Magnifier\plain\fs20 .  If color fringes are noticed over the entire image, one or more of the separate images needs to be aligned with the others.  Count the number of pixels that the images appear to be offset, then set the value in the appropriate red, green or blue X or Y offset fields.  When the images are re-merged, the new offset values will be used.
\par 
\par If the images were taken from a telescope that was not properly Polar aligned, the resulting images may also show some rotation from one image to the next,  The RGB alignment may help reduce the effect slightly, but cannot correct for the rotation.
\par \pard 
\par The individual offsets may also be automatically determined by using the \b RGB Alignment\plain\fs20  function from the \b Image Utilities\plain\fs20  dialog box.  To automatically align the images, first locate an area in the image that contains a well defined single object, such as a star.  Then draw a box around the object by depressing the \b left\plain\fs20  mouse button and dragging the box to the desired size.  When the button is released, the \b Image Utilities\plain\fs20  dialog box will be displayed.  If all three RGB buffers contain valid images, the RGB Alignment item will be enabled.  Upon selecting the auto alignment function, the X and Y offsets for each image will be determined and will automatically merge the buffers to produce a new image.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Image Information command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4DK58B}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} image information}
\b Information (Tools menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 Displays general data about the current image, such as, size, scale factors, date of image, location, etc..  Most of this data is a permanent part of the image and can be found in the headers of the various formats.  Only the size and bits per pixel values are saved in the BMP format.  The FITS and TIFF formats save all of the information.
\par 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm28.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par The \b Scale Factor\plain\fs20  and \b Zero Offset\plain\fs20  fields contain the factors used to convert the image from a 16 bit to an 8 bit image.
\par 
\par The \b Description\plain\fs20  field allows you to enter your own description of the image and save it with the image in FITS or TIFF formats.  The description should contain items such as the processing that was done to the image.
\par 
\par The View FITS Header option allows you to determine the information file contained within a FITS image.
\par 
\par Also displayed is the image's histogram.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Overview}
\pard\sb235 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} tools}
\b Tools
\par \pard \plain\fs20 
\par The \b Tools\plain\fs20  menu contains items that are useful when analyzing an image.  Generally, these utilities do not directly alter the image data only the method by which it is displayed. 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Rescale Image Size command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GVWAMS}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} rescaling image size}
\b Zoom Image Size (View menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 This command allows you to change the \i displayed\plain\fs20  size of the image.  The image can be made larger or smaller depending on your needs.  This is generally used to allow an entire image to be displayed even if the original image size exceeds the screen size.
\par 
\par The \b Fit Window\plain\fs20  button automatically scales the image so that all of the image can be displayed in the current window regardless of the aspect ratio of the window.  This means that one axis of the image may not completely fill a portion of the window.  You will notice that the Photometry cursor is constrained from using the area outside the actual image area.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Flip Image command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1RIH8LK}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} flip image}
\b Flip Image (Process menu)
\par \pard \plain\fs20 The currently displayed image may be flipped either vertically or horizontally.  This allows the image to be shown in its actual orientation if the telescope or camera system causes the image to appear inverted.  The \b Vertical\plain\fs20  and \b Horizontal\plain\fs20  flipping function may also be used in combination.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Rotate Image command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 22R4UBX}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} rotating images}
\b Rotate Image (Process menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The currently displayed image can be rotated in steps of either +90 degrees (counter-clockwise) or -90 degrees (clockwise) using the \b Rotate Image\plain\fs20  command.
\par 
\par \b Rotate Image\plain\fs20  must physically move the image data from one axis to the other.  This changes the orientation of the image in memory, therefore, subsequent buffer functions, such as merging, may not function properly.  To preclude these problems,  the contents of the buffers are destroyed before the rotation takes place.  You should then copy the rotated image into the desired buffer(s).  After the command is complete, the newly rotated image is automatically copied into Buffer A.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Contour command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OGCEU_}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contouring}
\b Contour (View menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The contour function allows you to perform an isophote analysis of the current image.  This is accomplished by drawing contour lines over the existing image.  The spacing of these lines is controlled by the \b Contour Interval\plain\fs20  value.  For example, if the interval is set to 16, then a contour line will be drawn at pixel value 16, 32, 48, etc..  This function is useful when trying to determine the same of any diffuse object such as a comet or galaxy.  Using the \b Posterize\plain\fs20  function in the \uldb Image Scale\plain\fs20 {\v 52DK8CU} utility will provide an alternate method that is also useful when determining the shape of an object.
\par \pard 
\par The contour process begins by building an Unsharp Mask of the current image.  This is a smoothed (blurred) version of the original image.  Then the contouring algorithm is run using the smoothed image.  The resulting contour lines are then drawn over the current image.  To vary the effect of the contouring, the \b Region Size\plain\fs20  parameter can be changed to any desired value, a low value (3 or 4) gives a very ragged contour line, a large value (11 or 12) provides a smooth contour.  The default value of 7 is useful in most images.  You may need to experiment with different values to get the correct response for any given image.
\par \pard 
\par Since building the unsharp mask may take considerable time, you may choose to redraw the contour lines without building a new mask by selecting the \b Contour Only\plain\fs20  button.  This is useful when trying different contour intervals.  Remember to \b Undo\plain\fs20  the last contouring to remove the old contour lines before trying the new interval values.  The unsharp mask will remain in Buffer B even after the Undo.  The default mode is to always build a new unsharp mask before drawing the contour lines.
\par \pard\tx355 
\par 
\par \b Short Cut:\plain\fs20 \tab \{bmc bm14.BMP\}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Coordinates command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RG64GG}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} coordinate display}
\b Coordinates (Tools menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b Coordinates\plain\fs20  function displays a modeless dialog box that continuously shows the current coordinates of the cursor while it is positioned over the image.  The value of the pixel under the cursor is also displayed and is updated as the cursor moves.
\par 
\par The pixel value may be displayed in three different formats: the 8 bit integer display value, the scaled floating point value or the 16 bit unprocessed value.  The 16 bit format is only available for 12 or 16 bit images when the 16 bit data is resident.  The mode can be chosen by selecting either the \b Integer, Real,\plain\fs20  or \b Unprocessed\plain\fs20  button located at the bottom of the dialog box.  See the \b Image Prescale\plain\fs20  function for details on keeping the 16 bit data resident.
\par \pard 
\par The coordinate dialog box must be active if you wish to make distance measurements from the image.  The \b Dist.\plain\fs20  field will display the distance value after the \b Set Distance Ref.\plain\fs20  function has been selected from the \b Image Utilities\plain\fs20  dialog box.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Histogram command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ZEJYBC}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} histogram display}
\b Histogram (Tools menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 Displays a bar graph of the number of pixels in each of the 256 colors or shades of gray.  The graph is automatically scaled, and displayed in a logarithmic format.
\par 
\par The \i Max\plain\fs20  field at the top of the display indicates the maximum number of pixels contained in any of the colors.  The background grid is logarithmically scaled.  The lower group of 10 lines indicate the values from 1 to 10, the next group indicate the range from 10 to 100, the next group is 100 to 1000, and so on.
\par \pard 
\par The histogram is automatically updated whenever the image values have been modified.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tools Magnifier command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1Q9PKBD}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} magnifier}
\b Magnifier (Tools menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b Magnifier\plain\fs20  allows you to zoom into any portion of the display to observe small details.  If an image is displayed when the magnifier is turned on,  the default starting location is the center of the image, otherwise it uses the center of the client area of the main window.  A new area can be selected by moving the cursor onto the magnifier's 
\par window, depressing the \i left\plain\fs20  mouse button, then, while still holding the left button, move to the desired area.
\par \pard 
\par The magnification factor can be changed by moving the scroll bar located on the right side of the magnifier window.  The magnification range is 1.0 to 32.0 in steps of 0.1.  The default magnification is 4.0.
\par 
\par The size and location of the magnifier window can be modified using the standard methods.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Options Night Vision command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ZGHSKL}
\pard\sb115 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} night vision}
\b Night Vision (Options menu)
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The Night Vision command changes all of the standard system colors to shades of red to help maintain your eyes adaptation to the dark.  This is useful if you are using the program during actual observing session in the observatory or in the field.  After selecting this option you should also lower the brightness on your monitor.
\par \pard\li715 
\par \pard The status of the night vision option is saved from session to session, remember to turn it off when you are using the program in normal lighting.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3XL8_ZX}
\pard\sb115 \b Grayscale Palette and Standard Palette
\par \pard \plain\f8\fs20 
\par \f9 The \b Grayscale Palette\plain\fs20  and \b Standard Palette\plain\fs20  commands are used together to optimize your systems' ability to display gray scale images.  If you are running in a standard VGA display mode, these commands will be enabled.  Since these commands are not required in other display modes, they will appear disabled.
\par 
\par The standard VGA mode allows only 16 simultaneous colors, with this limitation in mind, Windows requires that these colors be set to the standards 'pure' colors, e.g. red, green, blue, magenta, etc.,  this provides only two gray values plus black and white.  To improve you capability of viewing the high resolution B/W images, Autostar Suite IP re-programs the hardware registers on the VGA board to display 16 gray values instead of 16 'pure' colors.  By selecting the standard 16 color palette in the \b Image\plain\fs20 , \b Palette\plain\fs20  menu when the Grayscale Palette is active, you will be able to view the images in 16 shades of gray
\par \pard 
\par NOTE: The Grayscale Palette function removes all colors from the display leaving only shades of gray.  Make sure you restore the regular colors by selecting the Standard Palette before you run other color intensive applications.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0M.IC7}
\pard\sl235\tx2065 \b Help Index command (Help menu)
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 \plain\fs20 
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 Use this command to display the opening screen of Help.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instructions for using Autostar Suite IP and various types of reference information.  
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 Once you open Help, you can click the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.
\par \pard\sl235\tx2065 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1IWHSVS}
\pard\sl235 \b About command (Help menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of Autostar Suite IP.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1R.LZP}
\pard\sl235 \b Combine Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par When command is used to combine all of the images in the currently defined image group into a single output image which is displayed at the end of the operation.  There are several different combination methods:
\par 
\par \pard\sl235\li1795\fi-1795\tx1795 \b Sum\tab \plain\fs20 This method adds all of image together.
\par \b Average\tab \plain\fs20 This method averages all the images together.
\par \b Median\tab \plain\fs20 This method uses the median of all the pixels at a given position in all of the images a the pixel at that location in the output image.
\par \b MIN\plain\fs20 \tab This method takes the smallest of all the pixels values at each location.
\par \b MAX\plain\fs20 \tab This method takes the largest of all the pixel values at each location.
\par \pard\sl235\tx1795 
\par \pard\sl235\tx1795 The resulting image becomes the current IP image and is untitled.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2N9.ZH}
\pard\sl235 \b Copy Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command makes a copy of  each image in the current group. Each new file name is created by concatenating the string \f179 \'93\f9 COPY_OF_\f179 \'94\f9  with the original image name.  The new images are written to the same directory as the original image.  The group list is updated to point at the copies, rather than the original files. Subsequent group operations will therefore apply to the copies and not the original image files.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3CQKZG_}
\pard\sl235 \b Edit Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to create and modify image groups.  An image group is just a list of file names, stored one per line.  When the command is selected the Group Edit dialog box appears similar to the one below:
\par 
\par \pard\qc\sl235 \{bmc bm29.BMP\}
\par \pard\sl235 
\par To erase the current group contents, click on the \b Clear List\plain\fs20  button.  To select additional files into the list using a windows browse tool, click \b Add to List\plain\fs20 . The browse box will allow you to select multiple files by using the Shift and Control key in connection with your mouse when clicking files. When you are satisfied with your selections, click on Open in the browse control.  To edit the actual group list with a text editor, click on the \b Edit\plain\fs20  button.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OWGE7L}
\pard\sl235 \b Examine Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par \pard This command opens a sequence control box in the upper right corner of the program window similar to the one shown below:
\par \f8 
\par \pard\qc \{bmc bm30.BMP\}
\par \pard 
\par This by clicking on this control, you can cycle back and forth through the images in the current list. When you are finished browsing, close this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .0WY4Y}
\pard\sl235 \f9\b Resample Command (Process menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to change the actual size of an image file. If you reduce the size of an image file information and detail will be lost.  Changing the size of an image can also adversely affect the accuracy of photometric calculations.  When the command is selected, a dialog like the one below apprears.  
\par 
\par \pard\qc\sl235 \{bmc bm31.BMP\}
\par \pard\sl235 
\par Use this dialog to determine the new image size. When you satisfied, click on OK to resize your image.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} P7G.SY}
\pard\sl235 \b Fix Hot Pixels Command (Process menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to loacte and replace isolated bright pixels that often result from cosmic ray hits or other forms of random image noise.  When selected, you will see a dialog that allows you determine how agressively the program locates these bad pixels. In general, the lower the setting, the more aggressive the search. 
\par 
\par When a bad pixel is found, it replace by the average of its four surrounding neighbors.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LX6ABB}
\pard\sl235 \b Fix Cold Pixels Command (Process menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to loacte and replace isolated bright pixels that often result from cosmic ray hits or other forms of random image noise in your calibration data.  When selected, you will see a dialog that allows you determine how agressively the program locates these bad pixels. In general, the lower the setting, the more aggressive the search. 
\par 
\par When a bad pixel is found, it replace by the average of its four surrounding neighbors.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KX91MU}
\pard\sl235 \b Fix Column Defect Command (Process menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to replace bad columns in CCD detectors with the average of the two adjacent columns. When the command is selected, a dialog is displayed where the number of the column to be repaired may be entered.  
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3Q0X.WX}
\pard\sl235 \b Add Noise Command (Process menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to random values to each pixel of a image. The range and distribution of the noise added to the image is controlled by the dialog that appear when the command is selected.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DVDP05}
\pard\sl235 \b Stretch Command (Process menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to numerically alter the pixel values of an image.  Several different stretches are available
\par 
\par \pard\sl235\li1345\fi-1345\tx1325 Linear\tab When selected a dialog will appear. The \b scale factor\plain\fs20  is the number that will be multiply each pixel value.  The pixels below the \b Min Value\plain\fs20  or above the \b Max Value\plain\fs20  are replaced with the limits and then processed.
\par Log\tab Each pixel is replaced by the log of its value.
\par Exponential\tab Each pixel is replaced by Exp(pixel).
\par Gamma\tab Each pixel is replaced by its square root.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2ND_1.}
\pard\sl235 \b Normalize Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to linearly stretch each image in the group so that the resulting images have a mean pixl value of 10,000 ADUs. This process is useful when combining sky or twighlight flats where it is important to scale all images identically before median combining them.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2NF5YC}
\pard\sl235 \b Photometry Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command allows you to perform the same photometric measurements on all images in the group. It is designed to ease the data analysis load when many obervations of the same field of view have been taken to measure a variable star, determine air mass, or track asteroids. When this command is selected, the following dialog appears:
\par 
\par \pard\qc\sl235 \{bmc bm32.BMP\}
\par \pard\sl235 
\par When the dialog appears, draw boxes around each star or object you wish to measure.  If the images have not been previously aligned, or if one of the targets, such as an asteroid or planet, are moving, you should check the \b Recenter and Track\plain\fs20  option.  Each new image is recenter all of the measurement apertures in each successive image. 
\par 
\par To facilitate easy import of the result data into a spread sheet, select the \b Columnar Format\plain\fs20  option. 
\par 
\par If you make a mistake during star selection, clicking \b Clear List\plain\fs20 , will allow you to start over.  When you are ready, click on \b Process\plain\fs20  and your measurements for each image will be written to the current log file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1CMQ0KW}
\pard\sl235 \b Filter Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used apply a filter operation to all of the files in a group.  Available filters include, convolution filters, unsharp masking, hot and cold pixel removal. For details on any of these items see the description under Process Commands.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HFD0IC}
\pard\sl235 \b Calibrate Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used apply the same calibration files to all of the images in the group. When the command is selected, the Calibration dialog box will allow you to specifiy bias, dark and flat master file. These files will then be applied to all images.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1CN1TUQ}
\pard\sl235 \b Fix Column Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to repair column defects in all the images within a group. When this command is selected, a dialog queries which column is to be repaired and then, each image is fixed
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2N79S6N}
\pard\sl235 \b Align Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to align multiple images. When the command is selected, all of the images in the group are averaged together and displayed.  If they are slightly missaligned, stars will appear as streaks or multiples.  To align the images, draw a selection box around all the stars, or trialed star, that should be a single point.  The program will then realign and average the images together again a display the results.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2N02VCE}
\pard\sl235 \b Delete Command (Group menu)
\par \plain\fs20 
\par This command is used to delete multiple images. Often after processing is complete you are left with many scratch or copied images. To quickly erase them, create an image group composed of these scrap images and then select the group delete command. You be prompted to confirm your intentions. Once that is done, the images will be removed from your hard drive, but may still be available in the recycle bin.
\par \page
\pard \f8 
\par }